how do the leaves attach to the tree ?
could you fit two file folders in one pocket ?
i 'm confused . some reviewers say it is the cards , others say the pocket chart is included . i really need the pocket chart . what 's included ?
does the lid have to be held open while filing papers ?
the pages are lined , correct ?
is there an elastic strap or anything that holds it closed ?
what is the size of this journal ?
how is the unit powered ? what kind of batteries ?
how are these different from the photo stacking cubes ?
does it come with more holiday cards than what is pictured ?
does this planner have a weekly view as well ?
are the stickers reusable ? also - is writing erasable ? i suppose if you write with pencil but this calendar can not take erasable markers ?
comes in nice box ?
can anyone explain the differences between the pt65 and the pt85 brother labeler ?
do the keys stick ?
does this calc have a floating decimel feature ?
how many digits will display at a time per line ?
what does it smell like ?
can a ti86 perform trig ?
will this work on a color laser printer ?
how many copies will this cartridge make ?
does this calculator have a time value of money function ?
how do you do multiple pages ? how many pages goes through on onefaxcall . is the maximum , 10 pages and then you have to call again ?
expiration date ?
works with hp officejet v40 ?
is this double-sided ?
will it fit my medical insurance card
does this calculator have a off button ?
does this calc have a `` back '' button , can you delete just the last number typed ?
do you need to purchase any cartridges , ribbon or anything else to get started ?
where do i get a plug adapter to use in the uk as typewriter ordered has been delivered with the usa plug .
what are the font sizes ?
will paint come off a wall when removed if using on a regular painted sheetrock wall ?
how do you get the double sided mounting tape off of the wall ?
what is the thickness of this tape ? somewhere around 20mm or is it around 40mm ?
does it hold papers horizontally and vertically ?
will this work with a laser printer ?
this dymo labels have strong adhesive ?
would these stand up nicely as large table tents ?
do these labels print the long way , or the short way ( meaning , are they rotated 90 degrees to fit more labels on the core ) ?
are envelopes incuded ?
will this paper work on an hp envy 5530 printer ?
is it white ?
does this have a nic card , if so , what is the model number of it ?
how long is the coiled handset cord .
need heavy phone . is it as heavy as the old western electric 2500 ( almost 4 lb . )
lm 6000b operates on 9 v dc . where can you find 4 aa cells giving you 9 volts .
i have a lexmark printer and use the # 16 lexmark cartridge . is this product truly a lexmark cartridge and not a generic brand ?
ti-83 plus silver i need to buy one of these for my upcoming class and i 've been skimming through the used list and i noticed that non of them have the cable to hook up to your computer . is the cable an essential piece or can i get by without it ?
does it have wifi
which is the date that indicates the box ?
can you draw on it with a finger ?
is this paper or for pictures or regular ink jets
what kind size batteries does it use ?
is this a speakerphone ?
i need paper with the feel of magazine paper -- a `` coated '' thin paper with bright color capability , for inkjet printing . will this work ? othr suggestns ?
can you turn the spell check off ?
i am wanting to use this paper for water bottle labels . will this work for that ? i have a brother mfc-j6910dw printer . has anyone had experience ?
will this also work with the image outlined on tracng paper ?
does this phone require a telephone system or internet ? can i plug in to a typical or standard phone line ?
what is the advanced setting at bottom of unit ?
can u tell me the `` use before '' date ?
can u tell me the `` use before '' date ?
does it require batterie ?
is the white on the non-printable side noticeable `` less-white '' than the printable side , also any logos markings ?
why does the picture show orig . pkg ? my exp . is 11 06 !
does the cartridge come inside of the original retail box ?
when the plantronics s12 headset is connected to this phone is the sound quality good ?
i currently have the more expensive version and the buttons stick . will the buttons stick
will it scan a photo to a disk ?
is this a refurbished product or factory sealed new ?
can anyone rate the long-term performance of these labels ? do they hold up over time ? any wrinkling , colors falling apart or peeling problems ?
is it compatible with windows 7 ?
what is the actual size of this calculator ?
does it do well with newspapers ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
do you load the paper glossy side facing down ?
i wonder if the used ones include the usb cables ?
i want to glue these on the inside of my kitchen cabinets with the magnetic side out to post recipes , etc , to ... will this work with other magnets ?
actual measurements ?
how much space ( front to back ) is needed for the mounting bracket ?
will the software work on a mac ?
does this paper work with the selphy cp910 printer ? i bought it for it but i 'm unable to get it to print . is this postcard paper wrong for the cp910 ?
can this phone be plugged into the house telepone jack or it needs any special devices to connect ?
will this scanner work with windows 7 professional .
am i supposed to remove the plastic covering from the bottom ( presumably to secure the pad in one place ) ?
i used oil but still only have half the shredder shredding ! what else can i do .
would it be stackable if i bought 2 ?
how much weight can each shelf hold ? i am looking for something to hold a few laptops i use on a regular basis . will it hold 3 laptops closed ?
is this fit to punch a4 papers ?
will this cut heavier quality poster board ?
does this book have any extra pages for internet passwords ?
what are the dimensions of the stamped area ? how many letters per line ? what 's the font ?
does this time clock have a bell ringer for breaks and lunch ?
does it calculate overtime ?
how good is the lock ?
how many pages does the ledger have ?
what are the dimensions .
what is the actual size of the pocket ? will it hold a postcard which measure 4 1 8 on a side ?
are these `` stiff '' or easily folded ?
do these protectors have holes for putting them into 3-ring binders ?
how heavy is this item in pounds please
does this time clock have a bell ringer for breaks and lunch ?
is there any way to oil the pointer ( such as unscrewing the cap and putting a drop of oil in the hole ) ?
heavy
can i please , please ask for red ?
is good for printing labels ?
doe this work with samsung galaxy s4 ?
will this refill fit inside a paper mate power point contour grip pen ?
the item name says that it is a fine point , but the technical details says it 's a medium point ?
do these work in the sheaffer no nonsense calligraphy set ?
what is the material it 's made of like ? a couple reviewers said flimsy metal , another said chrome-plated plastic . i 'm confused !
how do i refill the pencil ?
do these come pre sharpened ?
what colors come in this set ?
what colors do you get ?
how many pages will it hold ?
there seems to be disagreement about how sticky this tape is . can an ant walk across it without sticking ? can a roach ?
what power source
are these latex free ?
what kind of eraser is it ?
i want to use these industrial sharpies to write on plastic plant labels in the greenhouse and wonder if the sun will fade them . regular sharpies fade
how fine is the tip on these markers ?
would this stapler be suitable for a 5 1 2 year old ?
are they made in usa ?
how far in does a few pieces of paper fit ? will it staple 1 4 '' in from edge , 1 2 '' in from edge , 1 '' in from edge ?
will standard staples ( swingline stock # 35108 ) fit ?
will this fold multiple pages together ( e.g. , a 3 page letter ) , or does it only fold i sheet at at time ?
is this the dry lift off tape ? i am trying to make sure it is exactly what i have purchased before . i have product # 11439 , is this the same product ?
how many watts does this use ?
will this hold clear sheet protectors ?
how many reams in each box
does the paper work in hp ink jet printer ?
does the front gate open come off to permit dumping ?
how many x-ray folders ( roughly ) fit in one box ?
does this product also , store addresses ?
does anyone know if you can use a dry erase marker on these ? does it stay . does it come off later ?
i want to make name badges with high school graduation pictures for my class reunion . are these clip name badges good for that ?
is this carbon with ability to create duplicates ?
is the quality of the paper similar to that of card stock ?
since the sheet is 4x6 , how does it fit into the printer ?
are the inside dimensions 3 x 4 '' ?
are these water resistant ( waterproof ) type ?
the print cartridge does it take only the one kind and is it easy to replace ?
do they seal okay ?
can the brightness of the numbers be dimmed or brightened ? how bright would you say the number were ? to dimm or bright enough ?
i know the description states for up to 21 in monitors , but wondering if anyone has tried larger ? wanting this for my 24 inch and want to still use speaker stands on sides ? monitor is 24.5 inches wide . i know the description states for up to 21 in monitors , but wondering if anyone has tried larger ? wanting this for my 24 inch and want to still use speaker stands on sides ? monitor is 24.5 inches ... » read more i know the description states for up to 21 in monitors , but wondering if anyone has tried larger ? wanting this for my 24 inch and want to still use speaker stands on sides ? monitor is 24.5 inches wide . « show less
is it made by 3m ?
will this fit the sharp xe-102 ?
i have just recently had a friend give me some of these cartridges and paper . what are some good printers this will work with ?
will this hold a glass herculite door open ?
would this eraser fit the pentel express mechanical pencils ?
what size brochure does it hold ?
any issue with the metal scratching the computer case ? if not , how is the computer case protected from the metal of the stand ?
is the lcd ani screen back lit ; on the desk , is the panel angled so as to be easily read ?
will this work on 11.75 '' x 14 '' pioneer memory scrapbook ? any ideas what it would if not these ?
printing starts off fine and then gets faint , what 's wrong ?
does it have a scanner ?
how to store it after use ?
will this cutter cut laminated items ?
what material is on the base of the unit ? is there a gripping pad or is pure metal on the bottom .
can i use this product in my laser printer ?
is there any bleed through if duplex printing ?
do these come with a reusable case like the pens ?
what is the year that this goes to if i purchase in 2015 ?
do the colored tabs come off so that i can replace the colored tabs with clear tabs ?
will this punch holes to fit the planner pads personal size organizer which also uses seven holes ?
will this mount directly to drywall instead of hanging it on a cube wall ?
is there any kind of protective mechanism to shield the blade when not in use ?
does it have usb connection ?
does this paper fold easily ?
is there an expiration date on this package or cartridge ?
what ink does it use
will this phone work when the power is out like the old phones used to ?
do the numbers on the dial light up when the receiver is picked up to make a call ?
does it sit on the phone jack or can a phone line be run to the phone jack ?
my mac is 21 '' wide and 18 1 4 `` high . will it fit in between the shelves ?
is the paper heavy ?
the description indicates 70 pages and 140 pages . which is correct ?
is it just one clip ?
is this basically the same as this model http : www.amazon.com fiskars-196920-1001-portable-trimmer-12-inch dp b0017kye5y ref=pd_sbs_ac_1 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=064077xe7zgsybtwk5xm ?
how many bill slots are there ?
when you peel the sticker off to use it , is the adhesive in the proper shape of the cut-out you inserted , or do you have to trim the adhesive ?
i make my products so there would be no bar codes - is it possible to create bar codes ?
help ! my class requires a ba ii plus fin calc. & but isbn bring up prof.are they the same ?
his the photo in the ad the actual printer ? if not can you send some ?
what is the expiration date on package ?
does this work on 64-bit windows and outlook 2010 ?
how heavy is this cabinet ? can it be lifted by one person into a car ?
does it fit in a cup holder ? does it clip to something ?
can the board be hung either way ?
is this made of plastic or metal ?
is this printer compatible with black 17 ink ?
how is the battery ?
can this tape be used on a xe-a-102 electric cash register ?
will this item 's drivers be compatible with windows pro 7 os
what interface does it have ?
can anyone tell me what the core diameter is ?
are these `` new '' in sealed wrappers ( not refilled ) ?
why is it selling much cheaper than anywhere else ? is it the `` real deal '' or a copy ?
does this machine have an `` announcement only '' option ?
what number cartridge doesthis printer take .
would it work on a desk with a 1 inch lip extending on the front ?
i see it is 21.5 '' inside the legs . can you please give the top dimensions ?
what is its height , width and depth in inches . what are the dimensions of the inside of the drawer , please ?
how much beneath the mounting surface does the drawer extend ?
does the phone have caller id capability ?
is it wireless ?
edge on the shelves can anyone tell me how high the edge is around the shelves ?
does it run with a macbook with yosemite ?
is the voice clear and without an accent ?
does the product include a refill cartridge ?
what color ink does it come with ? black or blue ?
can you use to print postage ?
are these dimensions correct : 20 x 0.5 x 18 inches
does this printer can print size 11x17 paper ?
what toner cartridges does it use
will thid work with a brother ql710w ?
are these adhesive backed ?
how many labels are in the dk-1201 package ?
the phone wo n't keep an increase in ringer volume . i do n't want to return it , any suggestions ?
is there anything engraved on the pen ? like `` space '' or something like some of the other pens ?
how tall is this phone ?
do these markers bleed through paper ?
is there a peach
does this work with windows 7 ?
can you change the combination code ?
what is the length of mic cords ?
what is the measurement ( length ) of the spine label ?
will this work with mini disk ?
can this be used on printers other than hp or do you have to stick with the brand of your printer ?
how to clean printhead on p23-dh v ?
is this item sturdy enough to put a 19 '' flat screen monitor on it ?
is there a compatible cordless phone that does not need a phone jack ?
in grams ?
has anyone used 80lb paper ? if so , how well does it do using a single fold .
what is the base made out of ? is it heavy duty or just plywood ?
i need to put a double parallel fold for quad fold into a legal sized piece of paper will this machine handle that ?
can i use this on a heather gray shirt ? ( walmart 's steel heather gray ) . it will be in black ink . or will i have to use the dark transfer ?
what is the heaviest paper this will cut , one sheet at a time ... i use up to 70 pound photo paper
how heavy is the carl 15inch trimmer -- i like to travel to scrap booking retreats .
could i buy 2 and stack them on top of each other ?
are the ac adaptor included in the box ?
can it print a line of numbers from 4 to 6 digits ?
what is the actual depth at the top and at the bottom of this file holder ?
what is the height of this , from top hook to third pocket ?
is it 1 or 2 refills for $ 9.80 ?
are they plastic ?
does the writer also write the numbers and special characters on the micr line ?
would these stay affixed to our cardboard storage boxes and be durable enough for weekly changing of the index cards ? also , are the index cards easy to remove ?
will the hp94 black cartridge work in the hp psc 1610 all in one printer . if not which onr will ?
i just received this phone -- does it only operate on batteries ?
what width of paper does this calculator use
does this work for headphones to ipod ?
is the frame made of metal or wood ?
do these need a `` cardboard carrier '' or can they be fed into the laminator without it ?
how many cards fit into each pocket ?
how do you switch between black and red
does it work on vonage ?
does the power supply work with 220v ?
if i ordered the stamp today january 2015 will the date start 2015 and go forward ?
compatibility with v500 ? i 'm considering purchasing this with the epson v500 photo . has anyone used these together with success ?
can it print color copy ?
i have dsl service only will this work with my system ?
does it include toner ?
has anyone put this on glass ?
so really . 200 plus dollars ? why is this so much better than the $ 12 version that does the same ?
does the writing sparkle or just the exterior of the pencils , and do they write in different colors ?
do these need to be stored laying flat ?
can you copy an existing disc graphic and put it onto the new disc to have a back up cd or dvd ?
i do n't want caller id . do i have to accept it and pay extra on my phone bill ?
does phone have caller id ; if not , can anyone recommend ?
what shapes are included on the chart ?
what tool ( s ) are needed to assemble this ?
what are the dimensions ? i.e. , how big is it -- width , height & depth ?
how are these mounted to the wall ? what hardware come with it ?
what battery need to be used ?
are these pens water soluable ? as in , will they be disrupted by water ?
is the color assortment available in ultra fine point 0.33 mm
are these presentation covers punched or unpunched ?
i am looking for something i can use to project my notes from my computer to a screen where students can copy to their notes . similar to overhead .
what are the measurements of this phone
why does n't this printer work with an iphone connected directly to the usb port ?
is it compatible with xp computer
how well would these work with using pen or sharpie on them ?
can outgoing calls be made without pushing any buttons ?
is it wireless
can this calculator do graphs ?
will the software work on a mac ?
i use the 5.2 '' x 5.2 '' with only 2 stamps to mail a cd , and have never had a problem . will i be able to use these with the same postage charge ?
how many sheets can it staple ?
how many inches width open under the shelf ?
is it original ?
will the canon cl-41 cartridge work with machines that accept the canon cl-241 cartridge ?
is this a graphing calculator ? can i use it for differential equations ?
how do you mount to the door ?
how many amps is the motor ?
how does this tray attach to the desk ?
does it turn negatives automaticaly to possitive ? or do i need to work on it with photoshop ?
how easy is it to change the height of the monitor ?
does this packet come with the software for avery labels . if not , how do i get it
what is expiration date ?
i 'm just looking for power cord i lost mine for my machine know where to get one ?
vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the ... » read more vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? « show less
is this unit a canon toner refill or an original canon 104 product new from canon
copier doesnt work
which carrier sheets will work with the scansnap s1300i ?
does this printer work with win8 ?
do you know any hacks ?
does this model still work with mac os9 ( as did the 5610 i have that now does n't work ) ?
is the big one or the small one ?
what is the minimum height ?
does it come with screws for attaching it to the door ? if so , are they wood screws ?
is this phone works for mac ?
can the mouse tray be attached to either side , or is it exclusively right-handed ?
would this box be considered ok for outdoor use ? as in if i put it in a shower rain would water get in the box ?
can anyone tell me if this clear mounting tape also provides an air and water tight seal ?
can you write on them ?
expiration date ?
how thick is the cork ? can it absorb a normal sized push pin without the pin punching through ?
does the brother tn-580 toner cartridge have an expiration date ?
can anyone tell me the dimension ( length , height , or width ) ?
will this work for a 940c printer ?
what comes with this scanner , power supply , software , trays , ect ?
how far into the center of the disc do these labels cover ? do the labels cover the entire disk to the center hole ?
are these boards sturdy for kids to use ?
is the wood on top sturdy enough to have something engraved on it ?
do you know if the nib can be replaced like the lamy safary pen and if it is compatible with the lamy calligraphy nib ?
what does it mean packing may vary ?
would this hold a smaller type of certificate or diploma ?
question about size : i was thinking of dropping my tablet ( 9 '' x5.25 '' ) plus a smaller kindle in here . possible ?
or are they sold in 12 packs of 10 ?
how doesthis unit work as a baby monitor ? i need a monitor to put in my house when we are away and want to give each of my neighbors a receiver to hear any intruders . would this phone system work for that ? any replies would be appreciated . how doesthis unit work as a baby monitor ? i need a monitor to put in my house when we are away and want to give each of my neighbors a receiver to hear any intruders . would this phone system work ... » read more how doesthis unit work as a baby monitor ? i need a monitor to put in my house when we are away and want to give each of my neighbors a receiver to hear any intruders . would this phone system work for that ? any replies would be appreciated . « show less
does anyone know if the charger base is sturdy ?
does this phone have fax capabilities ?
does this kits software disc have templetes for dvd black case inserts along with the dvd label ?
can i use this with a 17 inch laptop ?
is this really 12 inches or is it closer to 12 1 2 ?
how many pads come in the box ?
is this weather proof material will it take moisture or heat ?
legal size scanning ? can anyone tell me if this machine can scan legal size documents without the use of the stitching software ? i was able to copy and fax legal sized documents but when it comes to scanning the legal size does not show . legal size scanning ? can anyone tell me if this machine can scan legal size documents without the use of the stitching software ? i was able to copy and fax legal sized documents but when it comes ... » read more legal size scanning ? can anyone tell me if this machine can scan legal size documents without the use of the stitching software ? i was able to copy and fax legal sized documents but when it comes to scanning the legal size does not show . « show less
is it wireless ?
will this feed through a laser printer ?
i am looking to place this on a wall that has a slight curve ... is it somewhat flexible ( like a ruler ) that it could me mounted with a curve ?
can i ise this paper with a laser printer using toner ?
v750 vs. v700 - what are the differences ? neither epson 's web site nor amazon summarize the differences between the v700 and v750 models . i think a lot of people would like to know what the extra $ 250 or so gets you - anyone know ? v750 vs. v700 - what are the differences ? neither epson 's web site nor amazon summarize the differences between the v700 and v750 models . i think a lot of people would like to know what the ... » read more v750 vs. v700 - what are the differences ? neither epson 's web site nor amazon summarize the differences between the v700 and v750 models . i think a lot of people would like to know what the extra $ 250 or so gets you - anyone know ? « show less
how many 35mm slides can be scanned at once ?
does it work on macbook air systems ?
i manage rental property and have many store receipts that i would like to scan in and store electronically . is this the best choice for that task ?
is the programme for the primefilm 3600u compatible with windows 7 ?
are these sticky on the top ?
does any one know how to change the date on the fax machine ?
hotspots requiring web based authentication are not supported does this mean that i need to open my home and office network and keep it free for every bypasser to use just to allow this phone to work ? that makes little sense to me . hopefully this restriction only applies to web based authentication and not wifi authentication . please clarify ! hotspots requiring web based authentication are not supported does this mean that i need to open my home and office network and keep it free for every bypasser to use just to allow this phone to ... » read more hotspots requiring web based authentication are not supported does this mean that i need to open my home and office network and keep it free for every bypasser to use just to allow this phone to work ? that makes little sense to me . hopefully this restriction only applies to web based authentication and not wifi authentication . please clarify ! « show less
hi would you be able to supply 400 dh630 ?
how many volts ?
royal antique typewriter ?
how big are these ?
the picture of the design cards does n't show much detail . are they all abstract designs or are some pictures of things ?
can a basic pocket folder fit into the slots easily ?
what was it that you disliked about this cash box ? was it secure ?
can it take verbal commands or type from speech ?
is this a 6-hole binder ?
is the bottom of this file collapsable ?
is this 5 or 4 inch ruled ?
how to print w black ink only if color is empty
can you use premium cardstock with this printer ?
at its lowest setting , what is the distance between the bottom edge of the monitor and the surface the stand is sitting on ?
are these boxes strong enough to carry move books ?
does it have tabs ?
i have 2 standard size monitors and very limited desk space with a corner in the center . would this type of stand hold 2 monitors ?
is it useable on cannon pixma1700
can you print envelopes ?
does this scale stay on while you fill a container , or does it shut off after 3 or 4 seconds ?
how big is this device ?
what are the dimensions when the cart is opened ?
is this mechanical pencil comfortable when used to write for long periods of time ?
do you sell just the mounting system ? if not , what kind do you use ?
do they have the poly film in the windows ?
is it tall enough to use standing ?
is thisvwhat to get when you have two or three people needing to hear a meeting ?
is them compadible with ms exchange ?
what staples do i need to buy to use with this stapler
will a ring box fit inside ?
would these work for mailing lp records
can it be connected to wifi ?
would these handle a standard hardcover book about 9.5x6.5x1.5 '' . someone noted that sharp corners could be problem ... would kraft paper be better ? thx , jg
one responder said that the interior is white and another said that it is silver . does anyone know which is correct ?
do i need a computer in order to use this phone ?
do you need to have the telephone company caller id to make the device work ?
are the badges numbered in sequential order ?
if using a land line approximately how many pages per minute should we expect to be able to send ?
how many sheets does it hold at one time ?
are they made in germany ?
would this have the strength to hold 8 fully loaded binders ( 1.5 inch ring , 2 '' across the spine ) , which tend to fall over if set on a shelf ?
are the mesh dividers removable ?
refilling ink at home ? can the mp530 ink be refilled at home with standard ink refill kits ?
canon pixma ip6700d has anyone bought this ? and is it worth the money to buy it ?
printer has heavy ink on photo how do i fix it
i got mine today and i ca n't seem to get them to work does anyone have any tips or tricks . i tried the normal ways . they wo n't write at all . help ?
does some soft ware come with it ?
smart panel not working in mac os 10.4.9 ? i installed the drivers and the printer 's happily chugging away ; it was quickly recognized via the os ' `` print & fax '' system preference pane . on my system it 's hooked up via an airport extreme . the problem for me has been the `` smart panel '' application . installing it will give me a menu applet in the menubar ; however , it does nothing . i ca n't click on it ( or , more descriptively , clicking on it does n't do anything -- there 's no reaction at all . went to samsung , downloaded a newer version ( fwiw , no indication as to whether or not it 's universal ) and still nothing .
what 'does not support vonage & factory unlocked ' means ?
how do i operate it witjout a manual ?
run with w7 64 bit os ?
where is pencil made ?
do these rip tear easily ? are they made of paper or a more durable plastic ?
what is the thickness of your mailers ?
are these usable to mail first class despite the extra 1 2 inch ?
is there any issues with avery labels sticking to these ?
how many clothing items can fit in one bag , say for instance..shirts if folded right ?
will this fit inside these envelopes ?
are these completely blank without any markings ?
can you print from a sd memory card ?
maybe i 'm missing this info onscreen . how much weight can this cart hold ? a grocery bag full of frozen items or meat ( kinda heavy ) ?
is this refillable ?
will this work for el1197p
how soft is it ?
is the software for this printer compatible with mountain lion for mac ? can it work with other software ?
what replacement ink cartridges does it take ?
is this printer capable of printing ordinary letters , 8.5 by 11 , or just photos ?
does it need batteries ?
printing without the special black ink is it possible to print without the extra `` photo '' ink cartridge ?
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
i have a hp photosmart 6525 and the cartridges that came with it were `` set-up '' ones . do i need to buy refillable cartridges and chips ?
does this calculator come with a manual ?
tape is not sticking well . rolls up on the edges . what should i do ?
are the erasers any good ? are they the harder type of eraser ?
will the e-20 cartridge work in the pc-150 copier
needing to make journal covers with students - is this the thickness of a cereal box ?
do these pens smell bad ?
these say 100 % recycled . are they 100 % post-consumer content ?
which name badge insert is compatible with this product ?
does the set come with all of the colors mentioned in the description ?
can the drawer be removed ? if so , would a laptop fit where the drawer was ?
do these markers stain clothes ?
can you print on the front and back of this paper ?
epson or canon -- which printer is best ? lately , i 've been looking for a wider format professional quality printer to support wide-format printing , in upwards to 11 x14 . however , with a market saturated with undoubtedly high caliber printers , i am truly stuck whether to concentrate on buying a canon printer or venturing off with an epson printer . which one can be recommended best ? epson or canon -- which printer is best ? lately , i 've been looking for a wider format professional quality printer to support wide-format printing , in upwards to 11 x14 . however , with a market ... » read more epson or canon -- which printer is best ? lately , i 've been looking for a wider format professional quality printer to support wide-format printing , in upwards to 11 x14 . however , with a market saturated with undoubtedly high caliber printers , i am truly stuck whether to concentrate on buying a canon printer or venturing off with an epson printer . which one can be recommended best ? « show less
does it work as a stand alone copy machine ? i am a teacher who would like to purchase a small laser jet copier for my home . does nayone know if this needs to be hooked up to my pc to work as a stand alone copier or am i able to simply plug it in and use that one function ? does it work as a stand alone copy machine ? i am a teacher who would like to purchase a small laser jet copier for my home . does nayone know if this needs to be hooked up to my pc to work as a ... » read more does it work as a stand alone copy machine ? i am a teacher who would like to purchase a small laser jet copier for my home . does nayone know if this needs to be hooked up to my pc to work as a stand alone copier or am i able to simply plug it in and use that one function ? « show less
will this automatically insert the decimal point two places to the left when entering dollars and cents ?
are the clips magnetic ?
how many pads are in the pack
windows vista compatible ? has anyone tried installing this under vista ? does it still work or do you need extra drivers ?
what model of waste bags does the fellowes 450ms use ?
does it shut off in a short time automatically ?
lit display ?
cost of service no body has mentioned the cost of the service.anyone out there have this information ?
i want to hang postcards on my cubicle walls at work . the walls are fabric covered . will the adhesive on this tape stick ?
several reviewers mention no holes for wires in the back . can the unit be assembled without the back panel ( i.e. , would it still be stable ) ?
that scanners is in good condition ? have any problem ?
just double checking , the adhesive side is not the side that is printed on ?
what size of file holders are use ?
is this an original hp cartridge or is a refilled cartridge ? is it in the original sealed hp package ?
is this product factory sealed from hp and new in the box ?
does it work for an hp c3100 ?
how many pages yield ?
will it work with hp deskjet printer d1460 ?
what are the diameters of the holes punched ?
hp 56 black & hp 57 tri-color original ink cartridges , 2 pack- what is the expiration date ?
what is the weight of this numbering machine ? 1.8 oz ? can not be !
i 'm seeing several people say this is too small- will it hold standard size envelopes ( i.e. , bills ) ?
how long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper ?
can you sew it , maybe make it into a placemat ?
how many squares are included in the package ?
how much weight can this hold ?
what is last year it will print ?
can you use it to label clothing ?
is it analog or digital ?
i need a clear , large caller id . is this the one ?
is this cart something one could easily take onto a bus once full after grocery shopping ? or would it be too obtrusive ?
can you put line 1 or 2 on hold ? and does this phone have a speaker ?
can you block telemarketers with this ?
can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone ... » read more can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! « show less
does it operate on the windows 7 system ?
does this scanner scan 11x17 documents ?
power adapter -- will it workwith 220 volts ? i want to buy this for my family overseas -- -- so they can call me over skype . does anybody know if it supports dua voltage ?
where can i get the drivers to download to my mac
do these labels stick to wrapped meat in plastic ? like say brats and stuff ?
what is the size of one of these ?
how would you be able to endorse a check
can this machine punch thick laminated pages ?
star 150 & pulsar 300 - how do size , quality , & function compare ? is punching mechanism metal or plastic ?
plastic
are hanging files included ?
will this machine laminate only the top side of a document if one of the rolls is removed ?
epson photo 1400 ink drops on portraits got as a gift in christmas 2007 ... stopped using because of ink drops on pictures ... quit using went back to my hp 6180what 's wrong ... ?
will the lid of this box ( where the billed are kept ) fold open completely ... . so top of box lid is touching the table ?
does the receiver sit well into the base headset `` holder '' thing when on the wall ? i.e . does it ever fall off or slip off ?
can you replace the cord if you want a longer one ?
using this phone overseas does anyone know if this would be a cost effective solution if i am currently residing in the us and traveling to india ?
i have a two unit panasonic kx-tg3031b , will this single unit work with what i already have ?
is this really made of real leather ?
will it work on dry erase boards ?
are these for 2013 ?
i 'm looking to use spray on adhesive to put my posters on . i dislike frames that clash with my colors and unnecessary glass . does this suffice ?
what does the 7 in the 7 x 1 8 refer to . the diameter , the radius , the length when the band is laid against a ruler without stretching ?
can you heat shrink wrap with this roll ?
does the laptop side and the writing side adjust in height independent of each other ?
what is the expiration on the hp 74 xl cartridge ?
does it show on receipt tape `` dept 1 '' and `` dollar amt '' or just `` dollar amt '' ?
is it the cl-31 color ink pigment too ? or is it dye ink ?
is this really a new model ?
are the dimensions 3 in x 5 in ? and is the color of the memo book black ?
what is the height from the floor to the bottom of the drawer part of the stand ?
i have a canon mp190 series printer scanner and neither cartridge i just purchased are recognized by it . i purchase 31 & 30 with now issues . pls help
will it cut material
what is the clip made out of ? is it heavy duty metal and will it stay tight on a belt ?
thickness or page amount i was thinking of buying this as a gift . i do n't want this to end up being the type of journal where you write one long entry and then all of the pages are used up . does anyone know if there are a substantial amount of pages in this journal ? thickness or page amount i was thinking of buying this as a gift . i do n't want this to end up being the type of journal where you write one long entry and then all of the pages are used up ... . » read more thickness or page amount i was thinking of buying this as a gift . i do n't want this to end up being the type of journal where you write one long entry and then all of the pages are used up . does anyone know if there are a substantial amount of pages in this journal ? « show less
why did my ringer stop working ?
is it easy to set up menu and bar drinks ?
why am i getting error on blue screen and power do n't light up
how big is it ? dimensions say 15x13 in but that seems pretty small ... can someone please give me actual dimensions ?
does it come with a case or covering to protect keys when thrown into , say , a backpack ?
is this version recyclable ?
how wide of a desk can it accommodate ?
is it one piece or two ?
what is the width of the seat of this chair between the arm rests ?
how large are the date squares ?
what size are the squares for each day on this calendar ?
does this calculator actually have a two line display ?
about how much does this board weigh ?
can it scan a photo id ? also , how many pages can be scanned at a time ?
can this ink be used with in a fountain ink pen ?
i bought a journal with 4.5 x 6.5 dimensions do you sell refills for that dimensions ?
are these boards magnetically receptive , or magnetic ? as in , do magnets attract to them , or is it a magnet itself ?
i want to use this to display greeting cards i am making by hand . they measure 7.25 '' x5 '' . i do n't see the measurements . can you provide them please ?
is this a `` ti nspire cas '' or a `` ti nspire cas+ '' calculator ?
can i use 12 '' paper with this ?
will this machine handle larger paper sizes such as legal ?
would this work for a book ? i need something to rest a large book on while writing notes in it . is there a bar to prevent a book from sliding off ?
any problems with shredding newspaper ? does the manual say not to ?
is it quiet ?
how does the phone line plug in ? straight into the back , or into the side ?
i am traveling and i would like to weigh my luggage before i head to the airport . can i stand on it and weigh my luggage at the same time ?
is this item blank on the front ?
can you write on transparency paper with these ? will the ink smear on transparency paper ?
can this phone be used without the expandable system ?
does this item also start , stop , fast forward , fast reverse , a video movie ?
is this a genuine brother productr
when its all together what is the total height ?
does the pen rattle when the point is out ? like the other version of this pen ?
i am looking for styrofoam only peanuts to use on the bottom of my plant pots so they will get wet . is this styrofoam ?
can i scan without ink ?
will not scan
is fm pro9 compatable with mac os 10.9 mavericks .
what are the dimensions of the phone ?
if it has union convertion ?
color ink dots i have two of these printers and both are now getting small color dots on the printed pages . one is just the red and the other is rainbowany thoughts ?
does this material show finger prints easily ?
what does this chair weigh fully assembled ?
height-is 17 '' the height from floor to the bottom of the cushion ? or the top of the cushion ?
what is the total width of the base including the casters ?
will this fit in this .5 pencil ? ( http : www.amazon.com gp product b0006hxqxa ref=ox_sc_act_title_2 ?
any suggestions ?
do you have to lock it every time to keep the lid closed ?
is this made of plastic or metal ?
how do you clean this mouse pad ?
are these pens authentic mont blanc pens ?
is the marker tray removable ?
how do you reject an incoming call while you 're on the phone ?
ocr with this device ?
is it compatible with nurit 8000 ?
is it perforated ? how many holes does it have ?
any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you happen to have one printed out ? any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you ... » read more any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you happen to have one printed out ? « show less
is this printer windows 7-64 bit compatible
purchase where mac compatible the canon 8800f sound easy to use for the inexperienced . i thought it would be great to involve my adult special needs son in this project of converting our photos and maybe even make it into a business project for us together . possible ?
where is the thickness lever ?
does this scan 35mm slides ? i was about to buy a mp960 to scan 35 mm slides . the mp970 looks like the replacement model , but no mention of scanning slides . anyone know if i have to stick with the previous model ?
okay i currently own the death adder 2013 and the glide is n't the best will the qck heavy work well with it ?
are the cords string or elastic ; are the holders plastic or vinyl
do the front cover and back cover also have some sort of pocket for a total of ten pockets , or is it strictly only pockets on the inside pages ?
epson v500 - how to scan aps negatives ? i just got this scanner and it works great with slides and 35mm negatives . the problem i have is getting it to scan aps negatives . i have gotten the negatives out of the cartridge and have tried to scan them using the film negative holder - they do not fit in the slot for film . i tried scanning them `` as is '' on the glass without a holder and no luck . i do not want to cut the negatives - i tried just letting the spool run out the front of the scannner and manually positioning the film . i unchecked thumbnails and tried to follow the user guide to no avail . any one have any luck with scanning aps negatives ? epson v500 - how to scan aps negatives ? i just got this scanner and it works great with slides and 35mm negatives . the problem i have is getting it to scan aps negatives . i have gotten the ... » read more epson v500 - how to scan aps negatives ? i just got this scanner and it works great with slides and 35mm negatives . the problem i have is getting it to scan aps negatives . i have gotten the negatives out of the cartridge and have tried to scan them using the film negative holder - they do not fit in the slot for film . i tried scanning them `` as is '' on the glass without a holder and no luck . i do not want to cut the negatives - i tried just letting the spool run out the front of the scannner and manually positioning the film . i unchecked thumbnails and tried to follow the user guide to no avail . any one have any luck with scanning aps negatives ? « show less
i have the refills for the brother mfc 240c . after i remove the long yellow cover , is there anything else i need to do before installing ?
i ca n't figure out how to remove the strip to use it ? any suggestions ?
will this work for my epson printer ?
how is the color print quality on this machine ? i 'm thinking of buying this machine but the most important thing to me is the quality of the color prints ... are they as good as on a xerox color laser ? how is the color print quality on this machine ? i 'm thinking of buying this machine but the most important thing to me is the quality of the color prints ... are they as good as on a xerox color ... » read more how is the color print quality on this machine ? i 'm thinking of buying this machine but the most important thing to me is the quality of the color prints ... are they as good as on a xerox color laser ? « show less
is this a retail packaged 2 pk set genuine brother lc 51 blk ink cartridge
minimum cut size ? i heard that this cutter would not measure all the way down to 1 8 '' , which i need to be able to do my paper quilling . is that true ?
what is the exact diameter of the grip ?
what ink refill does this take ?
what ink refill does this take ?
are these fine-tip markers ? or ballpoint pens ?
how do you make it visible once it dries ?
will it work with a macbook pro osx 10.75 ?
does it come with a roll of paper ?
what is the thinkness of this photopaper ?
how thick is this bar mat ?
we have a coronamatic 2500. will this cartridge work with it ?
what is the max height the front will lft up to ?
faxing ability  and am interested in hearing from owners about it 's faxing capabilities.i currently have an hp all-in-one which has real issues sending and receiving faxes properly . can anyone share their experience with this printer ?
is this calculator solar powered or strictly battery ?
what gauge steel is this filing cabinet ?
do the games include anagram ?
what is the height of the track itself ? how far does it protrude from the bottom of the desk ?
can i plug this phone into a regular phone jack in the wall or do i have to connect to the internet ? any help would be appreciated .
is there a handle or shoulder strap ?
will the scanner scan at a resolution for email ? i need to scan pages and then email them . currently my terrible hp scanner will only scan at one resolution . i have to scan each page separately and then take each one and go into adobe photoshop and save the file for the web . then i have to attach one page at a time to an email . before the hp was replaced it would scan in a small enough resolution for email , but they changed the software . will the scanner scan at a resolution for email ? i need to scan pages and then email them . currently my terrible hp scanner will only scan at one resolution . i have to scan each page separately ... » read more will the scanner scan at a resolution for email ? i need to scan pages and then email them . currently my terrible hp scanner will only scan at one resolution . i have to scan each page separately and then take each one and go into adobe photoshop and save the file for the web . then i have to attach one page at a time to an email . before the hp was replaced it would scan in a small enough resolution for email , but they changed the software . « show less
can anyone tell me how much is weighs ?
i need to mount this phone on the wall but the receiver does not stay on the holder . is there a button or something that keeps it from falling off the
does this pencil have an eraser . can replacement erasers be ordered ?
does this go down enough for a kinesis advantage keyboard ?
are the hp74 and 75 combo pack cartridges compatible with the hp photosmart c5280 printer ?
so what is the `` die '' ? is that the same as the embossing plate ?
how many lines can we put ( e.g . 3 or 4 ) ? and how many characters per line ?
would this embosser be suitable for stationary , envelopes and napkins ? can you adjust the stamp to emboss on the top of the page vs bottom ?
how do i provided my information to be put on the seal ?
does that adjust 5.5 inches below the table just like a 23 inch tray ?
can you attach a pen pencil to the notebook ?
is the leather smooth tanned leather or is it suede ?
does the cx100 works with gotomeeting ?
are these double sided adhesive sheets or laminating sheets ?
are you able to cut small amounts of paper too ? like 1-20 sheets ? is it just for bulk paper ?
so one person who ordered said it did n't move forward or backward or swivel like in the customer video . can an owner chime in ?
is this paper glossy ? does the ink smear if you make 2 sided color copies ?
would this work with windows 8 ?
i pad compatible
we had to change the wireless passcode ; what are the steps to update it for the printer ?
can i get turquoise in refils for the jotter ?
is it flammable ?
is this brother tn-360 the oem original toner ?
does this have to stay connected to a computer at all times ? looking to find out exactly how it works .
what size prints does print
how does it attach to the door -- screws or adhesive ?
what are the dimension of the actual cube ? alternatively , how many folders papers can it hold total ?
i have internet but i have a useage for one day how will it efficient it
what color is the leather ?
can you transfer calls ?
does this work with uverse and have a 120 volt adaptor for power ?
can the base be wall mounted when using a dsl filter ? will the filter fit behind the phone ?
what is a metal tip ?
what is the actual height of the font ?
with this machine can i identify fake money ?
what kind of printer cartdridge does it take ?
is it a wireless printer
is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply ?
will it handle small pouches for business cards without getting stuck ?
is this machine capable of laminating large posters 24x36 ''
is it compatible with windows 8.1 ?
loud ?
how wide are the upright slots on both ends ? i want to know what thickness stack of paper or book will fit in the slots ?
are these 2014 forms
is the cord removable so that i can attach a longer cord ?
dos the unit have a flash button ?
does fone have headset jack ?
what is the actual size of the letters numbers ?
i 'm looking for a shredder that will cut paper strips to use for quilling . how wide are the strips & are the edges cut straight & neat ?
i just received mine and where is the ink pad ? was i supposed to buy that separate ?
are these like prismacolor or copic markers ?
do the handsets have speakerphone ?
does it open flat so i can use it to do a bulletin board ?
are the castors optional or do they come attached ?
is it flexible ? can i wrap it around a water bottle ?
how many colums per page ?
what is the size of the ring ? is it 1 1 4 , 1 1 2 or 2 inches , usually a 1 1 2 inch can accommodate 300 pages and a 2 inch = 400 pages .
can it accommodate a legal pad ?
is there a rubber base of some sort to keep it from sliding ?
can this converter be used with windows 7 ?
is it possible to assemble without the rounded handle on top ?
what exactly does the 7 year limited warrantey cover ?
was the design flaw which caused many people to lose this pen corrected ?
how high can the top of the seat surface be raised for a tall person ?
the one i got has a bad toxic smell like that of moth balls when i print now . anyone else have that ?
the picture shows the files hanging front to back not side to side can i hang the files side to side that is why i wanted a lateral filing cabinet .
is this cas calculator ?
can it be engraved at purchase or after purchase ?
hardware differences of s300m vs. s1500m i 'm debating purchasing the fujitsu s300m or the s1500m scansnap scanners . i 'm wondering whether there are any hardware differences between the 2 models besides the bundled software ? i already have adobe acrobat pro 8 , and could purchase abbyy finereader or get the special proprietary scanreader copy from a friend . i 'm just wondering besides speed , are there any innate hardware advantages to using the s1500m ?
is this the 12 '' version or the 6 '' version ?
do i have to use the the scan flatbed to scan or can i use the the paper load part to make mulitiple scans ?
is the bottom of the cartridges ( 37 & 36 ) supposed to look the same ?
is the pen fine nib or medium nib ?
where do i get the disk for my printer ?
how do you open the stapler to load more staples ? i have this model and can not figure it out ! help , please .
can you leave the shelf dividers off ?
are these pouches punched ?
does it translate words or only phrases ?
what is the cabinet made of ?
can the keyboard tray be set to either side of the desk ?
1. how much does it weigh ? 2 . can it be easily disassembled ?
will this be able to withstand phoenix 110 degree heat and sunlight in late afternoon in a covered patio ?
i bought this pen , the nib often goes dry and i need to shake and drop out some ink then only i can proceed , its really annoying , suggestions ?
would this tape be ok to secure my pickup bed liner at rear edges to the truck metal bed or is it overkill for this app ? pete c , ct
will the texture of the wall affect the surface of the chalkboard ?
what´s the manufacturing place and date ?
what are the expiration dates of your 60xl black cartridges ?
i have a hp officejet4500 desktop , product cc653am . will this produce be the right one for my printer ?
does this have a scanning function ?
what is the page count on this machine ?
is there any assembly required ?
if using for just one word ( e.g . `` approved '' or `` released '' ) , what is the size ( height x width ) of the font or the print pad area ?
what are the dimensions ?
does this printer print two sides ?
what are the dimensions of this calculator ?
can this be used to make a piñata ?
will this adhesive stick to wood ?
is this the bin unit whose dividers have 4 ~ 3 4 '' wide 'feet ' that hold divider upright ?
as the description mentions that these boxes are good for `` archival filing '' and in a separate location they say for photo storage ... are they acidfree ?
can some one pls suggest generic ink for this printer ... that works well ?
is this calendar reversible ?
would these fit comfortably around a wrist ?
will this fit the old style no nonsense calligraphy pens made in the 70s and 80s ?
is this in blue ink ? would appreciate if anyone could tell me .
are the compartments large enough to store the magazines with spines out ?
does it come in a gift box ?
what is the life span of the fujitsu scanner
is it made of solid wood or particle board ?
can you use traditional chalk on it ?
can this be used on an envelope that already has adhesive but the adhesive is very poor weak ?
how do i replace the photo ink for hp c309a ? it 's not working even with all the other inks full ? does this ink work for photo slot only ? ridiculous no
why does the hp7520 need a 'special ' black photo cartridge to print photos ?
is this the replacement photo black for hp c309g all-in-one
will these work on chalkboard paint ?
where was made these pencils ?
can i add a second tray ?
is this fully assembled or does it need to get put together ?
what voltage is this printer ?
are there similar holders for horizontal postcards photos ?
what size cores does it take
the manual spec shows both usb and parallel ports , & has a number of internal fonts . can it would work from a dos window on old xp machine ?
do the bands include a hyphen ?
can you bind using wires smaller than 9 16 '' ? it does n't say `` up to '' 9 16 '' , so i 'm unclear if i can use smaller diameter wires ?
are there blanks ?
solar
i have a full atx tower , 22.1 '' h x 9.6 '' w x 23.4 '' d. will this work ?
is calibration mandatory ? what weights do you need ?
will the keyboard shelf hold an egronomic keyboard and mouse
does this product include the luggage loopos ?
is this for 100 sheets ( of 2 labels = 200 labels ) or for 100 labels ?
can this labels be used in a zebra lp 2824 plus ?
do the labels contain bisphenol a , ( like many thermal paper receipts ) , which is known to cause health problems ?
what are all the items needed to go with this product ?
will this hold the hagomoro chalk ?
does it work with 64 bit systems ?
is the drawer large enough to fit an 11 '' macbook air inside ?
only question is , is the pencil .7mm or .5mm ?
is one of the slots big enough to hold a letter vertically ?
how can i get the printer to print 4x6 photos ?
i do n't have poe - will a sperately purchased power supply work with this ?
do they dry out if left open ?
how does this attach to the desk ? does it move around freely or is it actually attached ?
how does the 7 point star badge attach ? also , i 'm assuming the city of eugene police badge is just an example and or it comes off ?
it says it scans photos . can you save the scanned photos as jpeg files ?
can the top be tilted ?
does this ink last only through the 108 sheets or will it print more ?
good model for taking on the road , ie . different places where you do n't know if the phone system is analog or digital ? connects to cell or computer ?
what are the dimensions of the planner ?
can you tell me if 1 '' wide masking tape rolls would work with this dispenser ?
does this phone need to be the only one in the house - will it work with other landline phones plugged in their respective plugs ?
does the amplicification feature have to be turned on each time or once it 's been set , it is in use ?
does it have a speakerphone ? where is the icon ?
does this printer come with toners ?
is this full of ink 450 page ink ? not a empty or starter ?
are these cartridges refillable by the customer
the picture only shows 1 dispenser . the description says 4-pack . does that mean 1 dispenser and 4 rolls of tape ? or are there 4 dispensers and tape ?
is the package coming in the big box ?
what is the stand made out of ?
is there a wallet compartment attached as well ?
does this come with the 2015 calender ?
can this bag be locked without the key ? if not do you have a bag that can be locked without the key ?
can this be shared by two people for use with two different computers ?
i understand that if has 40 percent more ink so a better value . but is the cartridge bigger ? it will still fit in the regular 211 space in the copier ?
pixma 2700 ? compatible
how much ink does it take to print black and white documents ?
is this paper matte finish , semi-gloss or gloss ?
can you wash this item if dust dirt gets stuck to the fabric or sweat accumulates and dries up on it ? if so , how do you wash it ?
my cpu enclosure is 9 in . wide , will this fit ?
so what type of inkshould i but to go along with the pen ?
where do i look to order more letters for the sign ?
is there a driver for windows 8 ?
is it compatible with apple computers ?
how many are in the package ?
does this product use separate cartridges for black and color ?
document feeder does this printer have an automatic document feeder for scanning copying ?
i need the installation disk for my canoscan lide 200 - where can i get one ?
is there a specific model for the refill of this pen ?
does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads ?
do the front wheels rotate left right or only the back wheels rotate ?
will it glue acrylic flat backed jewels to clear plastic table cover material
how many come per order ?
is this made of metal or plastic ?
is the sharpener part made of metal or is it painted plastic with a blade that is metal like a reviewer said ?
do these seal at the top , so that smaller sheets or heavier items do n't fall out if the binder is turned upside down ?
can you use command hooks ( like these 3m sawtooth picture-hanging hooks , 3-hanger ) to hang this up ?
can this printer be adapted sublimate system ? and is it the same printer as epson t-30 ?
how to turn on the bible , new batteries are in right , also tried to reset .
what is the product expiration date on the box ?
does this work with artisan 730 ?
what is the exact size of each page ?
does anyone here know about that ?
does this printer come with wireless network capability e.g . can i print from my iphone ipad to it without buying more hardware or software ?
could you confirm the size ?
can this product be hung vertically ?
how thick is the cork portion ( not just the frame ) ?
will standard folders ( 9.5 '' x 11.75 '' ) fit in the left side pocket sleeve .
is this wrap recyclable ?
is this binder cardboard or plastic underneath the material ?
i need it to raise the laptop by about 4 '' - will it do that ?
anyone know if the phone supports call waiting caller id ?
the machine `` cassida 3300 '' , detected the new ( last ) bills of us $ 100.00. ?
compatible with windows 7 ?
could u let me know asap . how many balck color cartrickge included in the package ?
will this work in my new lenovo b540 aio desktop ? i just received the b540 from amazon , so far it 's great , but i fear multitasking is going to need more than the 4gb it came with . please advise .
is everyone who purchased this happy with it
will this pen accept the fisher space pen universal refill ( su style ) ?
are the united states labeled ?
does this work with the wacom bamboo stylus pen duo ?
what is the best way t o erase dry erase markers ? has anyone tried the wet erase markers on this ?
the smead product # 73234 description indicates a 5.25 inch gusset . the product dimensions description indicates a 3.4 dimension . which is accurate ?
does it have a call volume switch ?
will these booklet envelopes handle the heat from a laser printer ?
are the speakerphones on both the base and handsets full duplex ? ( i.e . when using speakerphone , both parties audio flows through simultaneously )
does this unit have 2 outgoing messages or only one ?
do you need to lubricate this shredder and if so with what ?
has anyone tried using these with the creative memories laminator ?
how many file folders does this cart hold ?
what is the height of the screws it comes with ?
is the base ( part that contacts the floor ) rubbery or plastic ?
is this an original direct from hp ?
anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges ?
could anyone tell me what the exact weight of the actual pen is ?
once attached , do they detach easily ? i would need to detach the connected objects on a pretty common basis . tia
what is the scan resolution ? does it do any color correction in the epson or in software ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
does this phone have a headset jack ?
does it have intercom capability ?
will this phone work with my model kx-tga740c ?
does this phone flash if you got a call while out but they left no message ?
my phone came with 2 handsets , can i add 2 more handset with the existing unit ?
are there 12 books in each pack ?
does it come with staples ?
are they rustproof ?
what are the dimensions of this item
does hp 's $ 50 printer trade-in offer apply to the offiejet pro 8500 purchased at amazon ? the terms and conditions for the program can be found here : http : www.hp.com united-states tradein promo laserjet2 terms_retail.htmlwhere it states `` the hp trade-in & save now program is available only for purchase ( s ) of an eligible new printer ( s ) directly from hp or through authorized hp resellers . `` but it does not specify the authorized resellers . can anyone help ? does hp 's $ 50 printer trade-in offer apply to the offiejet pro 8500 purchased at amazon ? the terms and conditions for the program can be found here : » read more does hp 's $ 50 printer trade-in offer apply to the offiejet pro 8500 purchased at amazon ? the terms and conditions for the program can be found here : http : www.hp.com united-states tradein promo laserjet2 terms_retail.htmlwhere it states `` the hp trade-in & save now program is available only for purchase ( s ) of an eligible new printer ( s ) directly from hp or through authorized hp resellers . `` but it does not specify the authorized resellers . can anyone help ? « show less
where can you order refills ?
will this work on thin snakeskin to glue back onto a shoe ? will there be any bleeding through or discoloration ?
does this dry erase board have a marker eraser tray ?
can you rock back and forth in this chair ?
up to what size paper does the 1650en print ?
are the starter toner carts okay to refill ?
does this tape peel , smudge or make residue markings when a whiteboard is erased over the tape or the board is cleaned ?
will this phone work just mounted to the wall with screws and running a cord to a telephone jack ?
black ink cartridge does not print correctly . horizontal stripes make prints unreadable . have tried `` clean print cartridge '' . is cartridge defective ?
the hp solution center window for f300 does not provide just an ok to skip the false error , what now ?
can it fax ?
how can these cartidges work in some printers but not in others ? maybe the older printers accept them rather than the newer printers ?
can i scan a multi-page document and save it all in one pdf file ?
can you print on fabric for photo quilts ?
would this tape be suitable for labeling bottles of breast milk ( will be refrigerated and heated in water ) without falling off or leaving any residue ?
what type of hp ink does it require ? does it allow you to print both sides ?
does it have a lip to keep book computer from sliding into your lap ?
does this phone have a headset jack ? can you use this phone with a 2.5mm headset ?
with the intercom feature can any of the handsets ring the other allowing a coversation between them ? how do you like this phone for that purpose ?
the amazon description says it 's expandable up to 12 handsets , but the manufacturer 's info states it 's only expandable to 6 handsets . which is it ?
does the phone have speaker capability ?
can the base be mounted on a wall ?
is there any way you can reject an unwanted caller that keeps calling ?
i have four handsets for cl82309 but i do n't get a dial tone on the fourth handset , can you help me ?
does this include the required battery ?
does keypad light up ?
why does it need batteries ? does n't the wall jack supply all the power it needs ?
does this come with the network version of the software ?
i saw model sps35 on the internet with an ac adapter . this model looks like it does not come with the ac adapter and requires 6 aa batteries ?
can this item hold a book larger than its dimensions ( height and width , not the thickness of the book ) ?
is this a non-shellac ink ?
what is up with the eraser ? every time i use , it goes right back down in the pencil . is mine broke or is there a way to stop it from doing this ?
do these converters work with lamy all-star ?
do these fit in the kodak hero 7.1 ?
can i tare out this scale if i have a bowl of silver grains ?
would these work for satin material ?
does this item create any sort of damage to the posters ? and how much weight can it hold ?
can you provide the dimensions of the section with the monitor ? then the one parallel to it ?
could it be reversed -- the cpu cabinet on the right and the open area on the left ?
i 'm confused .. is this like a normal phone , i mean can i connect it directly to my land phone or it should be specific lines ?
what size battery does this take ?
« show less
does it cave in our crack in spots ?
is this product an oem brother cartridge or a compatable ?
home many cards does it come with ?
is it spanish from spain or spanish from mexico ?
is it battery operated ?
in one place you say 8 1 4 in another area below you say 9.4. which are the actual outside dimensions ?
are replcement blades avalable the derwent model 2301934
wireless printer need wires ? does the brother hl-5370dw need any wires other than power ? my wireless router is not in the same room as my office , and i do n't want to be running cable across the house . i was hoping that this printer would be a setup once kind of thing where i can connect it via usb , setup the wireless info and security , and it would just connect to my router and show up as a network printer . can anyone confirm this is the way it works ( or does n't work ) ? wireless printer need wires ? does the brother hl-5370dw need any wires other than power ? does the brother hl-5370dw need any wires other than power ? my wireless router is not in the same room as my office , and i do n't want to be running cable across the house . i was hoping that this printer would be a setup once kind of thing where i can connect it via usb , setup the wireless info and security , and it would just connect to my router and show up as a network printer . can anyone confirm this is the way it works ( or does n't work ) ? « show less
does this printer work for macs ?
will this device work in the uk ? will it work with the uk power supply ?
drum and toner differences wondering if anyone could explain the differences in a drum and a toner , on the brother mfc-8890dw laser printer ? do both need to be replaced and if so , at what interval ?
can i put a comcast cable box under this and a playstation on top ?
are these labels white or clear ?
fujitsu scansnap s1500 vs. fujitsu scansnap s1300 ? which of these models would you suggest for a home-user , who needs to de-clutter 20+ years of paperwork ( for aging parents and self ) ?
does it support legal size paper ?
what are the dimensions ?
does this calculator have built-in computer algebra system ?
i am wanting to order 40 of these . do you have 40 available ?
i have a pen with a cartridge marked `` hauser bill 707 sf '' will this refill work in this pen ?
will it shred cardboard ?
what type of ink - what # ?
are there hooks in the back to hang this ? what is the hanging system and how does it work ?
wifi
i am left handed myself and i see no need for this pencil arent all pencils universal they are just cylinders so what is the purpose of this ?
hard or soft cover ?
what is the picrure like when printing on cd ?
do you have the dimesnions for the mouse pad click area ?
compatability with windows 7 i 'm hesitant to buy this because do not list compatability with windows 7. does anyone know if it is ?
i already have extra spools that i use since i print several different labels . are the spools like the standard spools in most label printers or not ?
can i use this dymo to print amazon fulfillment labels ?
how long is the arm rest for aeron chair ?
can anyone tell me if you can print on both sides of the papers ? i would like to put terms and conditions on the non-copy side . possible ?
does each roll have 1500 ' or is that the total length ?
custom there was no place to put the info wanted on the stamp ?
can this be good for a signature stamp ?
is this printer wifi ?
the paper select menue for my epson r2000 printer does show an option for ultra premium photo paper glossy ?
for cents do you always have to enter decimal ( . ) symbol before entering the cents ?
will refilling work if the cartridge has been empty ( dry ) for a while ?
has anyone ever bought used a headset with this phone ?
wall mount
is this a digital fax machine
can it be a calculator ?
mac compatable
looking to store paperbacks and stack three or four high . i do n't need them to look perfect , only not break down when stacked . recommend ?
is this product made in the usa
is there a replacement ribbon available ?
what is the max number of db it will increase the volume by ?
is there a way to turn the ringer off ?
package arrived , is different than the amazon listing and shows it 's only compatible with artisan 730 837. is it still safe to proceed ?
will this ribbon fit a remington graduate ?
top surface appears textured . if top is textured can you remove it ?
what is the diameter of the spool ?
will the coin counter count australian coins ?
any idea if it can fit in the trunk of a coupe when folded ?
is it wall mountable
will it work if i use ink from ink-refills compatible refill kit for hp ( black cyan magenta yellow ) ?
never installed stem casters but it seems they need an appropriate sleeve to receive the stem to be installed in the leg first . do these casters come with the appropriate sleeves ? i am making a small kitchen island table with butcher block top and 4x4 legs ... . never installed stem casters but it seems they need an appropriate sleeve to receive the stem to be installed in the leg first . do these casters come with the appropriate sleeves ? i am making a ... » read more never installed stem casters but it seems they need an appropriate sleeve to receive the stem to be installed in the leg first . do these casters come with the appropriate sleeves ? i am making a small kitchen island table with butcher block top and 4x4 legs ... . « show less
what do you do when the lead ca n't come out ?
how does the customization take place ? do i submit an image after i purchase it ? or the other way around ?
can you use an electronic handset lifter with this phone ?
what is the exact length when retracted ?
we just received our paper packet and the 3 colors are not glued together like they normally are ... is it supposed to be ?
is this a 12-pack for $ 12.60 or are they $ 12.60 per unit ?
which software does it come with ?
does this phone system include an intercom system ?
somewhere it must say how many in each packet but i cant find it ?
how do you open the pen to change the refill ?
is this mac compatible ?
is the cordless phone made so flat the call can be cut off by a cheek bone or other part of the face ?
what kind of cartridge ink i should buy for this pen , is it easy to use bottled ink ?
which direction do the files face in the bottom drawer ? toward you if opening the drawer or to the side ?
does this pen use the normal parker cartridges ?
how many pictures will it print from one ink cartridge ? how long does it take to print 4x6 photos ?
is this for 12 envelopes or 1 ? the title says 12 , but below in the details it says 1 ?
do you have to hold down the button to keep the laser on or is it a one press button ?
what type of battery needs ?
is the 11 by 17 the outside dimensions or the inside dimensions ?
will this work with the i phone or i pad
can they be hung on partition hangers ? do they really fit legal files ?
roughly how much paper does this file comfortably hold ?
where can i get a copy of the users ' manual ?
using kx-tg2740s 2 line & 2 hand sets . want to add kx-tg9382t 2 line & 2 handsets & 2 new lines . will i get interference ?
do you know how can i but the refills.im confusing it !
what type of cartridge does it use ? # 60 ?
the next day it has jumped to $ 218 or higher . wth ! i 've included a note not to pay more than $ 148 . the next day it has jumped to $ 218 or higher . wth ! the next day it has jumped to $ 218 or higher . wth ! i 've included a note not to pay more than $ 148 . « show less
and i´ll like to know if this system works with my printer ... can u help me ?
durability ?
does it work with the macair ?
will this hold large envelopes ?
does it have a piece that goes under the door , or does it just stand next to the door ?
ooma and directv does anyone using ooma have experience with using it with directv ? specifically , i 'm interested in connecting ooma through the existing phone lines in order to connect receivers to a phone line for callbacks . a working phone line would be required in order for me to get the dtv service connected and maintained in order for me to keep my service ( it 's a dtv account i 'd get through my employer , hence the phone line requirement ) . ooma and directv does anyone using ooma have experience with using it with directv ? specifically , i 'm interested in connecting ooma through the existing phone lines in order to connect ... » read more ooma and directv does anyone using ooma have experience with using it with directv ? specifically , i 'm interested in connecting ooma through the existing phone lines in order to connect receivers to a phone line for callbacks . a working phone line would be required in order for me to get the dtv service connected and maintained in order for me to keep my service ( it 's a dtv account i 'd get through my employer , hence the phone line requirement ) . « show less
how many hanging folders will it hold ?
is this an oem cartridge or brother compatible ?
does this print b & w if there is not a color cartridge ?
flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless ... » read more flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? « show less
is this the same length as the sheaffer universal pen cartridge ?
will this particular tv riser hold a 50 '' flat screen tv so i can place my soundbar in front of it ?
is the file drawer with lock and key ?
does it work for epson xp400 ?
is there a model that locks while the cord is pulled out for maybe driving ?
whats the noise level like ?
is this network printer ?
what is the quality of the scanner photo ?
is there a device that connects between the elmo and the projector and then into the computer ?
calibration does it come with the 500 gram calibration weight pictured in the illustration ? the picture just about implies that it could be used to calibrate the scale . is it certain someone has not made a mistake in stating that a 75 lb . weight is required for calibration ? calibration does it come with the 500 gram calibration weight pictured in the illustration ? the picture just about implies that it could be used to calibrate the scale . is it certain someone has ... » read more calibration does it come with the 500 gram calibration weight pictured in the illustration ? the picture just about implies that it could be used to calibrate the scale . is it certain someone has not made a mistake in stating that a 75 lb . weight is required for calibration ? « show less
is it compatible with windows 7 ?
how do i get the operators manual ?
how many cards in the box ?
my embosser is 1.57 '' dia . , what size seals should i use , will the 2 '' seals work ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
what weight would this hold at max ?
do the drawers pull all the way out ?
does this work with a mac ? and can it scan into google docs ?
how heavy is this paper ? i want to make re-usable cut-out patterns ; would it hold up to repeated tracing of fine details ? -
does the printer comes with a cutter system ? or the output sizes are predefined ?
mine keeps moving around on my hardwood floor , any suggestions how to keep it from moving ?
can this machine handle carbon copies of checks ? can you buy black ink ?
is that color or black and white printer ?
can you lock the drawers with a key ?
would this adjust for working at a standing computer desk and a regular-height desk for different tasks ?
is this high yield or normal yield cartridges ?
how many pencils in this package ?
can i use them for hp photosmart c4500 all-in-one series ?
could it be used for printing black and white documents like college homework ?
is it an option to connect the scanner directly to a computer instead of using an sd card ?
does the cabinet come assembled ?
is this file cabinet heavy duty ? how sturdy are the locks ?
do both drawers lock ?
are the file drawers full extension drawers ?
could a second file box fit on lower shelf ?
is this official kodak brand ? it should have yellow on the label , should n't it ?
what color did you receive ?
will this item hold 12 '' x 12 '' papers ?
will this work with google voice on a cell phone without a landline ?
does it work with sprint connect 2 ?
how do i print black and white on my . 4500
will my ipad in an otter box work with his ?
can you remove the dividers in the bottom drawer ?
since i rarely need to do this myself i 've forgotten how .
how can i get instructions for use of calculator
is this battery operated or requires power cord ?
is the actual sharpener body , not the cover , made of magnesium alloy or is it plastic ?
how do you get the files to the computer ?
what are the seat deminsions inside and between the bars , please ?
will this convert 110 & other older negative sizes ?
if i order this package from amazon , what is included ? do i still have a monthly surcharge ? if so , what will it be ?
product description : `` clearance between shelves is 26 inches '' so that means 26 '' + 26 '' = 52 '' but the cart is ~40 '' high ? what gives ?
is this an orginal hp & 8a or a refill
do you get all three folding carts ?
i 'm a little confused . it is a 25 record mailers made to hold one record , or is it a mailer that holds up to 25 records ?
is it usable with digital recorders ? does it pick up static ?
does it light up to show what line is ringing ?
is it hardcover or softcover ?
what is the warranty on this phone ?
how many pages of plain notes are in this book ? are they in between each week ?
how many cartridge are in package ?
does the cordless handset have a jack for headphones ?
are the wheels large enough to carry a load over carpet ?
if the employee clocks in at 3:07pm , will it show 3:07pm or will it round up or down to 3:00pm or 4:00pm ?
would this refill kit work for hp photosmart d110 series printer ?
will this printer work from a wireless signal from my iphone4 ? i am looking for a wireless printer that will work from my iphone4 without any other items involved other than a power cord plug in . the iphone4 will transmit a wireless signal . will this printer work from a wireless signal from my iphone4 ? i am looking for a wireless printer that will work from my iphone4 without any other items involved other than a power cord plug in ... » read more will this printer work from a wireless signal from my iphone4 ? i am looking for a wireless printer that will work from my iphone4 without any other items involved other than a power cord plug in . the iphone4 will transmit a wireless signal . « show less
mac ? will this work with my macbook pro ?
what is the quality of scan ?
would a small magnetic note pad stick ok
help ! i wont to print a  also is this clear or white ? « show less
what do you get with this product ?
any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to know how true this is any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to ... » read more any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to know how true this is « show less
whats in the box ? the battery is included ?
compatibility with windows 7 ?
how wide and deep is the drawer ?
can use the printer with a ipad air using bluetooth for my connection ?
can you print letters with this item , or only numbers ?
can anyone explain how to reload the labels ?
do i need a special separate service other than my present monthly cell service ?
is assembly required ?
mouse space ?
what is the voltage for this machine ? can it be used with 240v ?
can you set where the folds need to be or is there only one setting ? do they tri-fold for # 10 window envelopes ?
does this machine punch the holes in the paper as well as bind ?
is this a network printer ?
do i have to email from other computers nearby , or can i just use the `` print '' function in ms word , the internet or whatever i am using ?
is this a 6 ring binder and does it have refills available
does anyone have experience installing and using this system on an epson rx 595 photo printer ?
when do you use canon gray ink ?
is this same as pgi 226
what is the amount of ink in this cartridge ?
can you use this ink for a pixma mg7100 series printer ?
is the drawer fully extendable ?
what is scan bed size , 11x17 ?
what is the height of the stool ?
could i use this to cut card stock ( say three sheets the same thickness as 3x5 cards ) ?
can you use the intercom to call all other handsets by pressing intercom or can you only call one intercom at a time ?
does the paper trimmer have a guide ( something you can bump the paper up against to ensure an accurate measurement ) ?
hp color laserjet
is this map 48in x 73in
what are the dimensions ?
what is the page size for the address book hallmark add1119 refills ?
will this phone work on a mac computers ?
will it scan an 8.5 '' x 14 '' document ?
does it need a power outlet ... ?
can anyone tell me what minimum size desk i need to suppor a single workfit-s and not have it all topple over or unstable ?
can you tell me if this can be used to attach the foam wall pad on an above ground pool ?
anyone have the link to the template ?
is this from battery1inc ?
is there any way to adjust the vertical angle of the monitors ?
did brothers correct inkleak problem ?
is this an authentic brother replacement drum ?
what is retail packaging ?
for some reason this new cartridge is smaller than the previous included cartridge and does n't seem to fit in my hl-2270-dw printer . any suggestions ?
should i even bother to ask ? does it work with windows 8 ?
can it fax
is there a trick to not running out of ink every time we use it ?
i just purchased this item , but am trying to find out how long the included barbs are ?
do you have to use the remote to operate the phone , or is this optional ?
what type of battery does it use ?
how heavy is it ?
is this an old fashioned black board or is the black board have a gloss to it ?
how many pages will you get ?
what are the inner dimensions of the two top drawers ?
does it come with ink ? i really would like to know : does it come with ink ?
do you have to be on the same network to access time cards or can it be accessed through any computer internet by just using the ip address ?
how is the scanning quality and speed on this machine ? can you save scans to a pdf ?
could someone please give me the over all width of table ?
what is the range of expansion ?
is this scanner able to be configured to automatically add < enter > after scanning a barcode ?
how well would this work for security purposes , such as writing your name number on valuables to identify later at pawn shops ?
are these compatable with a canon pixma 2520
is this printer wifi capable ?
what are its demendions ?
do these cards open up ?
will this folder handle 32 # paper ?
what are the dimensions of the actual keyboard tray ?
anyone had any experience with card stock or appointment cards ?
i see the color black listed on this > does that mean that it does not work with my laser color all-in-one brother dr 310 cl printer ?
my employees sometimes work remotely from home . does this system allow them to vpn or clock in remotely ?
dimensions ?
will this work on windows 8 ?
on the round one , where does the county and commission number go ?
will the chip resetter work with t126 or the t127 cartridges or the workforce 545 ?
can this shredder be turned off when not in use ?
what kind of ink cartridges does this printer take .
i just purchased a cross green mable lacquer and 23k medium nib fountain pen . it did n't come with a converter , do you know which converter it uses ?
can it be used on your lap ?
does this model include a laminating module ?
can you feed one envelope manually ? how
could i have a step by step to print an envelope please ? to adjust the guides , do i open the printer from the front or from the back ?
does this scanner include an sd card ?
is there a way to mount this flat to the desk ( or in my case the inside of a cabinet ) or does it have to clamp around an edge ?
when the battery charges can i expect to turn on the unit a week later and have enough battery to do a couple of labels ?
does this machine require a specific type or `` model '' of memory card installed to work ? will it scan without a memory card at all ?
can this machine be wired to a router and do printer sharing over the network in that manner ?
follow-up question : why is it necessary to replace the drum and not just the toners ?
is this a good device for someone who speaks fluent mandarin and no english in order to communicate back and forth with english only speaking persons ?
is it lockable ?
wall mounted ?
how well does the seat hold up .
which cartridges does this printer use ( black and color ) ?
i would like to order 10 for my business office . how do i send their names and titles to you ?
i just ordered this name plate about an hour ago and i wondered how long it would be before you e-mailed me for the customizationed . also i was wanting to give it for a birthday present on oct 1 and i wondered how long it would take for me to receive it .
does it come with the frame to hang file folders ?
does it have speeker
is this item plastic or metal ?
are they perforated to rip off easily ?
so does this cross-cut paper or not ?
how does the face recognition work ? do you just walk in front of the time clock and it senses that you are there or do you need to press buttons ?
does it come with envelopes or do i need to order those seperate ?
does this printer come with toner ?
what does `` manual feed size 11x17 paper `` mean ? you have to feed one page at a time ? how many 11x17 pages can be hold at a time since no tray for it
how many pages can be printed with the initial supplied ink toner ,
weight capacity
is the material real leather ?
do they write on rocks , for outside clues ?
are they all keyed alike or seperate keys and locks ?
does the wood color of this desk look more like the first picture ( lighter ) or the second picture ( darker ) ?
are these stamp pads pre-inked or do i need to purchase the ink as well ?
does it come with all the necessary cords or do i need to purchase individually ?
some newer hp printers are equipped with ability to reject a refurb ink cartridge . does anyone know if refurb ink works with the hp deskjet 1055 ?
how does this universal shredder compare to royal 1840 shredder
how to distinguish the tinct to refuel in ink box
does this actually lock both drawers or only the top ?
are these drawers full opening or 3 4 ?
is the yield 2000 per cartridge or 2000 for both cartridges combined ?
has anyone tried to cut one of these things to size ?
how wide is the lip
can i install this tray in the corner of an l-shape desk ?
what is the size of rings ? how many pages are fit in ?
what kind of door is on the top file holding the books ?
up to what size monitor will this hold ?
do they erase
the microsd card is included with the scanner or we have to buy seperately ?
is this for a keyboard or a laptop
would these grips work for an older student to remediate pencil grip ?
do you need a phone line for each phone ?
i need to order a replacement part , please tell me how
this might be a stupid question but does it have to be a brother ink cartridge to work in this printer or can some other brand ink cartridge work ?
does this label maker work with the mac ?
is there wi-fi connectivity to a pc ?
purchase just arrived . i can not install ... .seems to be blocked where gear looking thing is . sorry but i am not good at this . wo n't let me
i am planning on purchasing an epson expression premium xp-810 , will this cis work with this printer ?
how many chairs can be stacked together ?
is this a digital or analog system ?
will these cartridges survive winter months of freezing in unoccupied home ?
is there a key to program a discount ? or how do you put in a 40 % discount on each item
does it have an electic cord or just battery power ?
apparently it will not `` do '' duplex printing ... any good solution to this problem ?
can you wash it ?
does this binder has inside pockets for unpunched paper ?
i like the eco paper type binders . does this one smell of plastic vinyl ?
is footrest comfortable for bare feet ?
can you use it in portrait mode ? can the tray be attached to the short side ?
what is the gallon size of the paper shred storage ?
how does it work ? do i need to connect it to a computer ?
how good is this thing ? does it take sd cards ? does it work with windows 7 ?
how big is the strip ?
how do i setup if i do not have a cd rom on my imac ?
is the ink a good value or does it tend to be expensive ?
do 2 xl cartridges have more print capacity than 1 xxl ( super high yield ) ?
does it have phonemic transcription ?
from where can i download the scan pc software ?
will this ink work in my mfcj425w printer ?
how to print first page first ?
what are the dimensions of this phone ?
if i order this from amazon , will it come with the manual ?
will this work for a day runner book ?
how may speed dial buttons does it have ?
what size street size would this fit ? 24 inch long in particular ?
my printer wo n't recognize the cartridge -- it says `` install black cartridge ' even though i 've installed this one . any help ?
should i get staedtlers or sakura microns for sketching ?
do the legs lock into place when open ?
are there two cartridges in a pack ?
is this comfortable where your wrist and hand make contact ?
what is it made of ?
how does this attach ?
using for architectural plans . can you see thru this paper , if it 's on a lighted plan table ?
when do i tell you what i want printed on them ?
i have a space under my studio work table that is only 10 1 2 inches high . will the 1000 foot roll of 36 '' paper plus cutter fit pin this space ?
is the 7 hours talk time for the cordless handset or the headset or both ?
how many pages can you print before you have to change the cartridge
are they clear ?
is this phone compatible with verizon fios ? is there a problem with calls going dead ?
will this fit my canon pixma ip2600 printer ?
is it in it 's original packaging , unopened ?
will ooma work with adt ?
when talking on the phone and you get another call will it show you who 's calling ?
does this unit come with batteries ? about how long does it hold a charge ?
measurement ?
i 'd like to put 4 cards and 4 envelopes in a clear bag . the envelopes are a2 , recommendation ?
we have the kx-tg6643b series , will this work with those phones ?
if you damage the original base phone can you just replace the handset ?
will it work as additional phone with a different brand ?
is there volumn control on the base and handsets ?
batteries
works in venezuela
do you need to buy a special kind of lead for it ?
i have the hp officejet 8610 will it fit ?
can i refil the oem intro cartridges or do i have to buy new ones ?
where is the set made ?
does it have redial and volume control features ?
does this phone have an ac option instead of batteries ?
can this pager be used outside the usa ? if not why ?
can this printer print checks ?
why does n't the description say anywhere that these are good for storing 3.5 x 5 '' photos ? are they not photo safe ?
can you please tell me how much weight the top of this podium holds ?
is this magnetic ?
will a legal size document fit inside
is it suitable for 18 inch lap top as well ?
does it sharpen crayons ? do you have any suggestions for other devices that sharpen crayons please ?
does it flip all the way around for easy writing on your lap ?
what is the size of the envelopes ?
does this work with the iphone 6 ?
why wo n't my kodak esp office 2170 print out using all of the colors instead of just yellow and black ?
does this phone have talking caller id ?
is it windows 7 compatable ?
can this expansion handset be used at the same time another expansion handset is being used when only 5-10 feet from each other ?
are the notebooks college-ruled ?
i have an ergonomic keyboard which is a bit larger than a standard keyboard . is the keyboard surface large enough to accommodate it ?
it works with l402c system ?
can you add an additional 3rd handset to the phone system ?
is this printer windows 8 compatible
does this printer come with the ink ? or do i need to purchase it seperately ?
can you copy scan a page from a book ?
the picture on this page shows a blue box containing a dozen boxes of five erasers each . is that what we 're getting or just one box of five erasers ?
does this footrest have a gel pad ?
how fast is 1st copy ?
is this printer able to print from an ipad ? airprint compatible ?
does anyone know if this will copy legal size paper ?
are these the complete unit including the drum , corona wire , etc ?
what is the exact weight of one sheet of paper ?
what size is cart basket ?
is the printer come with ribbon and paper ?
what are the measuring units ?
do you need a memory card ?
what is the cost for one ream of 500 pages ?
can you scan , let 's say a receipt , and save it for later storage onto your computer once you 're at home , or office ?
what is the ac voltage 120v or 220v ?
what maintenance is needed
is this toner a `` liquid '' base or a `` powder '' base toner refill please ?
how many pages can this stapler staple and hold together nicely ?
do these pencils come sharpened ?
when a call comes in thru your cell phone and you do n't pick up , are messages left on you cell voicemail or on the home phone ?
can you write directly on it , like with chalk markers or dry erase markers ? if not , do you make one that you can do that on ?
how long does it take to print the inserts ?
hi . does it work with a battery or plugued ?
how many cards does it hold at once ?
i have a 17inch laptop . will it fit ?
could it be used to scan drivers licsences and the like ?
what digital dictation devices work in conjunction with this program ?
that initial $ 305 unit , does it contain drum & toner ? what capacity ? full 30k for drum & 10k toner ? or some `` sample '' ones with much smaller capacity ?
are color cartridges seperate or combined ?
will it work with windows 7 professional 64 bit os ?
if you 're on the phone and another call comes in does the caller id show the new caller 's id ? does the base unit beep when there is an unread message ?
which are the cutting dies provided ? in inches please ,
does this phone have a 2.5mm headset jack ?
what is the page yield for this cartridge
does this phone have call waiting ?
i received this as a gift and it broke ! no hardware store has the right size screw to reattach the stem . what can i do ?
can you record your own caller id ? for example , a ringtone that says `` mom is calling '' ?
what is the shelf life for the cartridges .
does it work for photosmart c4780 ?
does anyone know if it comes in a box and i have to ensable it ?
does this come with the warranty and does the power supply adapter that comes with it work with the ultraship u2 scale ?
may i ask why the printer does n't work ? my son is a printer tech . is it fixable ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
do you think it would be possible to place this shredder on a larger basket ?
how tall are the cups ? i need something for my professional markers.they are bigger around than sharpies . max crayons markers they hold ?
did anyone have trouble with the mouse function not working correctly ?
are the cards and pockets identical to the 500 pack ?
what is the range on the phones ? how far can the handsets be from the base ?
those are rechargeable ?
does this pen come with an ink cartridge or other source of ink ?
how prominent is the ledge for holding chalk ?
does this machine require a specific type or brand of coin wrapper ? can you use the flat type or only the preformed type ?
what are size of barbs ? 2 '' or what ?
does the screen tilt ?
rfid protection for c.c ?
i have a questsion that this one come with the toner ?
i am new to fountain pens . is the pen suppose to come with ink ? i just received my pen . or do i have to buy ink cartridges ?
can the screen be read without the back light on ?
dimensions
does it require calibration prior to use ? if so , how did you calibrate it ?
are there instructions to install the sublimation ink system ?
is the plastic material poly vinyl chloride , or something more archival like polyester ?
do the lights point down to the floor ?
is it the right size if you intend to store vinyl records in it ?
does anyone know the voltage ? is it bivolt ? 120 240 ?
1 bottle refill 1 toner ?
does this work with the mf4770n for sure ? 100 % does anyone use it with that model ?
will it work with microsoft publisher ?
is the journal refillable ?
are the gemstones attached securely to the pen ?
will this toner work correctly in canon image class mf 4270
is that one a scrolling led programming ?
is this product stiff have a backing on the cork or is it just raw cork ?
do the mounting hardware do damage to the wall ? i have damage-free 3m hooks . is it possible to hang it on the hook with a string ?
is this the 2014 version ?
where made please ? many
so no instructions with the cartridges . i can see taking the tape off , but what about the rubber stopper ?
do you ever have to add toner or ink ?
has anyone had experiences travelling with this tube as a carryon when it was fully extended ( 48 inches ) ?
how many pounds does this velcro squares support per sqft ?
i have a hp envy 5535 will they work ?
the picture shows insert fot cli-221 not cli 226. what gives ?
does this come with a disk ?
is it wall mountable
will it hold a passport ?
will this work with vonage ? if so , how ?
is it poe integrated ?
would a composition notebook that is 7 1 4 inch by 9 3 4 by 1 4 fit in this journal ?
is it self sharpening ?
what nib idoes it have : fine , mediume ?
will this work with the least version of mac os ?
is the gold ring in the middle of pen engraved with montblanc ?
will this scale for weigh puppies down to 1 oz or 2 oz accurately . the platform is large enough , but how well are `` light '' item weighed ?
is this model also very accurate for letter envelopes , to check if additional postage is needed ?
what is the expiration date of this cartridge ?
are these `` setup cartridges '' ?
is this ink compatible with my hp officejet pro 8600 ?
does this work with hp office jet pro8600 ?
will this work for the 2280 ?
does the phone annouces the names clearly - you can understand what is being said ?
is this like a decal sticker for laptops cars ? also is this printable and cutable from a machine like a silhouette ?
can i have it with my company information on it like it has the cbs logo ?
what is the maximum sized pencil this sharpener can handle , please ?
will this sharpen my first ticonderoga # 2 pencils ?
does this phone work alone ?
can you quickly switch back forth from speakerphone to the headset ( plugged into the 2.5mm jack ) ?
are the holes where the string hangs already drilled into the chalkboard frame ? can we hang the chalkboard horizontally rather than vertically ?
which shelves are fixed and which are not ?
is this item 's software compatable with mac ?
will this work for a left-handed user ?
it this product 100-240 volt ? or only 110-120v
is this item new ? is there a warranty ? if warranty work is needed -- will it come from dell ?
i am trying to match vanity that is espresso . is dakota oak a close match ?
is this right ?
are these hi yeild cartridges ?
i want to record the audio portion of a presentation to a laptop computer . will this system work in that application ?
will this phone work w 2 separate phone lines w their own phone nos . and , if so , can 2 users have different conversations simultaneously ?
how do i fix the interval between the rings on the phone ? it is too long . it rings on my end once for every 2-3 rings on the person who is calling 's end .
how does the `` cold '' laminate work ?
do these work with quickbooks online ?
are these pvc cards double sided for printing on both sides ?
will this plug into my iphone 5 or ipad
easel desktop calendar , importance is room to write note to self , in each square . assuming each square is 1x1 , yes ?
3rd party ink how many of you have been successful with 3rd party cartridges ? this is something i thought i would never do but this ink seems to drain even when not in use . i printed a bit over 2 dozen pages of documents ( no photos ) and it already was a quarter of use . since then i have n't printed anything and now it 's almost empty.if some of you were successful with other ink , could you please share your experience and let us know what you use ? 3rd party ink how many of you have been successful with 3rd party cartridges ? this is something i thought i would never do but this ink seems to drain even when not in use . i printed a bit over 2 ... » read more 3rd party ink how many of you have been successful with 3rd party cartridges ? this is something i thought i would never do but this ink seems to drain even when not in use . i printed a bit over 2 dozen pages of documents ( no photos ) and it already was a quarter of use . since then i have n't printed anything and now it 's almost empty.if some of you were successful with other ink , could you please share your experience and let us know what you use ? « show less
does the unit also scan a4 docs and colour prints ?
how sticky is the adhesive on this label ?
do these write on black vinyl as for labels ?
can you use these on a laser printer ?
does it fax ?
does this handset have hands free feature ?
is it compatable with windows 8 ?
will this item copy old slides from the mid sixties .
will this work with an ipad and paypal swiper ?
what are the dimensions of the plastic slots ?
are the envelopes the same material as the cards
how is the military clutch back attached ? are the pins welded on or is the pin part just stuck on ?
13 '' wide paper ?
how do you replace the ink on this and can it use 2.25in by 165ft rolls
i know avery has their web site to help with this , but i am wondering how the printing works ? do you make 1 graphic and place it where the circles are
do you have this product for inkjet printer ?
what color is the blotter itself ? is it gray or black or brown ?
does it have wireless capability ?
how does the 845 handle envelope printing ? one at a time or can you feed a small stack of envelopes ? do they come out wrinkled ?
need multi page feed for faxing and scanning , is this the right pick ?
i have an old television with the big back that i want to place on this to be used during meetings . will this stand handle the weight
what do i need to do to fax from pro 915 ?
i need buy 40 phones you can increase the quantity ?
does the tape stick in low-temperature ( freezer ) conditions ?
photo scanning ?
i do not have a wireless card in my computer therefore no wireless capability . can you use this printer with a cable connection to your computer ?
can this scan qr barcodes ?
i 'm confused on the ink cartridges . if one needs to be replaced , say the color , do you have to replace both black and color , even if the black still has ink ?
will it fax ?
is this scanner wifi
is this printer hard to set up using the wireless setup
does it come with ink ?
anyone printed direct to cd dvd ? i have had b & w brother laser printers for years -- back to dos days ! i still use my 1240 & 1440. very inexpensive cartridges.has anyone used this printer to print direct onto cd dvds ? i now make labels with my hp inkjet , but would love to print directly onto the discs . do n't want to pay a fortune for ink.any experience advice appreciated . anyone printed direct to cd dvd ? i have had b & w brother laser printers for years -- back to dos days ! i still use my 1240 & 1440. very inexpensive cartridges.has anyone used ... » read more anyone printed direct to cd dvd ? i have had b & w brother laser printers for years -- back to dos days ! i still use my 1240 & 1440. very inexpensive cartridges.has anyone used this printer to print direct onto cd dvds ? i now make labels with my hp inkjet , but would love to print directly onto the discs . do n't want to pay a fortune for ink.any experience advice appreciated . « show less
what are the outside dimensions of one the drawers ( width , depth , height ) ?
i recently ordered checks from vista print . not the same paper as qbooks . not as thick . how do these computer checks compare ?
does this phone use a worldwide 110 220v power ? does this phone use a worldwide 110 220v power i.e . can i buy this phone for use anywhere in the world without the need for power adapters ?
does this come with a converter ?
which type of ink cartridges does this pen take ?
is this tape linen fabric , or plastic tape ?
is the 100 xl a higher capacity cartridge as an alternative to cartridge 150
can this be used under a hanging tv for stuff like a dvd player or internet modem you know thing with wires ?
can it scan a document into rtf editable text ?
what is the color combo ?
can you use the neat receipt for recipes ?
how big is it ?
the needles does n't want to come off . can i just put the needle cover on it and leave it ?
how long is the pen
can this be used with windows 8 as a wireless printer ? scanner ?
how big is it , why nobody talk about cd268 's size .
does this give the printer error message like many other generic cartridges ?
how to set up printer to print only in black as to not waste the tri-color ?
card stock compatable
when the printer goes into energy saving mode , all communication is lost with the network , is there a solution apart from rebooting the whole system ?
can you auto feed to scan pictures ?
how far up will the seat go ?
takes effort to remove cap off mine . sometimes i need one hand and two fingers of the other to remove the cap . anyone else have the same problem ?
some reviewers mentioned it creates a separate pdf file for each page scanned . is there a way to scan several pages into a single pdf file ?
does this printer print both side of a two-sided document ?
will it fit a lexmark pro 715
how far far from the base can you be & still use phone ? do you need a phone jack for the second phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
is this good to scan old photos in photo books ?
mine smells terrible is there a way to get rid of the strong odor ?
is it compartible with mac os x 10.4.11
how long can you store the cartridges ?
can i print from ios ?
does this printer print on cd ?
hello ! can this scanner read 2d barcodes ?
does this printer support windows 8 ?
what is the size of the shredded particles ?
using mac os . if i connect the printer 's ethernet wire into my router , can i print `` wirelessly '' through my mac ?
does this printer come with the wireless option ? the description indicates that is has wireless capability - is this correct ?
so , are there 1000 , 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheets with 2 labels on each ?
is set up difficult
is this printer come with ink cartridge out of the box or i have to buy them separately ?
what are the outside diminsions of the canon pixma 3120 printer ?
can i print amazon usps shipping labels whit this printer ?
how much weight can it hold ?
what are the measurements the width
thinking of buying.. can it be turned from landscape to portrait view mode easily ?
what does the xl in the name lexmark 200xl tricolor stand for ? how is the 200 xl different from the 200 ?
can this be used with apple computers ?
how long does the toner last with normal business use ?
what model wireless card is compatible with the printer ( from hp ) ?
does the printer come with all the cables to set-up properly and a test toner cartridge ?
my canon uses the 240xl just fine , will the 240xxl fit my printer too ? canon pixma mg3200
which is the best value in printers
i own a pro 900 series printer . has anyone else who owns one had any issues with this product ?
do the phones have a headset jack , and if so , what type of connection and does it work well ?
does this printer have the ability for a straight through paper path for things like envelopes ? or is everything always curved around ?
how many pages print do you get out of this cartridge ?
also how many administrator rights does it have ?
how big is the receipt paper ?
is it possible to mute all the rings ( both on phone and answering system ) ?
is it flat , or is the top tilted a little in order to see the numbers better ?
could i use this machine to count venezuelan currency ?
i was able to print few pages , and then it wo n't print out any color . i did deep clean head many times but it still does n't work . please help .
would this work well to create a sit to stand environment ? would it be relatively easy to adjust the arms up down the pole multiple times daily ?
how many ringtones does it have ?
this include 2 units of gxp 1405 ?
does this take the place of the multipurpose # 1 tray ; or just sit above the tray and it is still usable like previous models hp printer models ?
will this cut vinyl for bumper stickers ?
my printer wo n't recognize 3 of the cartridges . any suggestions ?
has anyone been able to print with an ipad ?
is any assembly needed ?
does this product scan to a pdf ? does it scan from the automatic document feeder . i can not find this info anywhere ?
are the days of the week written on the left side and spaces to write the 6 subjects across the top ?
what 's the depth size of this file box ?
compatible with hl2240 ? not hl2240d
does the unit come with a power supply ?
current product description states is comes with free tfp 2014 software . anyone know for sure ?
product info tech details lists board at 3 x 4 feet , top level description is 60 '' x 36 '' . which is it ?
are these standard business-size envelopes ? if not , what are the dimensions ?
i think i see how the plastic taggers go in , etc . but how do you load the actual tags ?
does this cash register need to use a computer to work , or the computer is just to program the machine ?
does it count the amount of the bills or the amount of money ?
when you reset the toner cartridges to get the last of the ink out of them , will the machine again tell you when it is finally all out of toner ?
does this printer work on cardstock paper ?
so is it 4oz bottles or 400ml bottles ?
looking for a classy pen with sharpie 's same fine point quality . can you recommend some brands ?
will these work with microsoft money software ?
what is the actual size of these ?
do these labels stick well to plastic bags ?
is there an approximate number of how many envelopes this will stamp before the ink runs dry ?
this sounds stupid but i ca n't remove the bottom drawer to put my frame in ? suggestion ?
does this include the drum , toner and auto feeder ?
is this 100 packs of 10 ? - so its 1000 total sheets ?
please will someone tell me , what nib size does this pen come in ?
in school # 2 pencils have to be used for test . are these # 2 ?
i will be taking this from facility to facility weekly . is it easily portable for me ? if not can you please recommend one that is ?
does this model have a currency converter ?
how long are the needles on these syringes ?
21.5 inches long , is that the measurement of table top or length between bottom of legs ?
where are these refills made .
what is the width of the cut strips ?
do you need to reset the chip or any program to make work ?
if i placed the cross-bar in the middle , would i be able to have two sets of letter-sized hanging file folders..side by side ?
will this read a usps shipping label barcode ? many will not .
will this work with qr codes ?
do you ever have to replace the ink service module ?
why does it say it wo n't work with hpofficejet6100
what is included with this printer ? is the black and color cartridges included ? what cables are included ? does this include a user guide ?
why is this product so expensive ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
will this printer do duplexing print both sides
can i print a pdf , word , or excel spreadsheet from that printer ? ( in miniature )
would this paper hold up to make program fans with a stick attached for a wedding ?
does it work with any linux os like debian ?
will this tray work with hp 8620 ?
can you see through the glass ? would colored walls or wallpaper show through ?
do i need an internet connection voor a wifi p rinter ?
will it fit in the zebra 450ctp printer ?
how many jacks do you need ? can you plug it in to just 1 jack that caries the 4 lines ?
i have an hp photosmart c309a which takes 564 and 564xl . does anybody know if this will work for my printer ?
is this truly for short people ?
it does n't work . it says : `` fuser unit failure # u1-2320 '' what can i do ?
are they stackable ?
is the 20 inch width inside or outside the rails around the top ?
i am interested in buying a light to clamp to this . the lectern light description says it will clip up to 1 1 4 inches . how thick is the top ?
is it included in the printer ?
where can i get the `` bolt-through mount '' , which is just the flat circular plate that mounts underneath the desk ?
size of cover ?
does this come with toner cartridges ?
which of the following does this support : windows , mac os , linux , android , ios ?
does it have a wired network interface ?
can i have a printer connected to it directly via usb and have another printer print through it via wireless ?
can i print 12x12 inch paper for scrapbooking with this printer ?
how fast is it with wireless scanning ?
what software comes with this , and how good is that software ?
is it really that big of a difference than regular pencils that are 30 for $ 6 ?
does it have an area for hanging files ?
does this printer come with full cartridges or are they minimal which would require you to replace the cartridges soon after purchasing the printer ?
is it possible to include second third marriages ?
is this compatiable with any smart phone
is it possible to combine scanned documents and receipts into one pdf or will each page scanned become its own pdf ?
will the 35mm trays hold a 3d slide without having to remove either film strip from the cardboard slide holder ?
i want to convert slides to normal sizw photos . will this do it or make them smaller ?
what are the dimensions of the telephone ?
does it hold ink or cartridges ? can i buy those from you ?
per the product description , it appears that all scanned pictures , documents , etc. , will be directly stored in the ipad . how do i transfer everything into my computer ?
is the lexmark 90p0100 wireless compatable with windows 8 operating system ?
is it compatible with windows xp
inkjet printer or laser printer ? what is this ?
what is the adjustable range for the foot rest ?
correctable tape also ?
does it have call blocking , and how many numbers can it block ?
do the numbers light up so they can be seen at night ?
is there a way to transfer calls between these phones or put the call on hold and page another handset to tell them there is a call on hold ?
does silent mode silent the base ring as well ?
will this scanner scan photo id , credit cards also will it scan paper ?
will this work for windows 7 ?
does it load automatically into outlook ?
is the color black & pink or black & red ?
is the paper thick ?
what are the dimensions of the scale
are the sizes listed for diameter or radius ?
will this paper work with the chase paymentech machine ?
after i have this set up , can i have the hinged bow set up later ?
i was looking into this product for standing while pc gaming . are there any foreseeable issues that might come up with this product for gaming ?
will this printer work with windows 7
how do these signs attach to the door or wall ?
how are these holding up ? any issues with the felt falling off or dirt buildup ? does the felt have to be applied manually or does it come installed ?
when you scan books how does it handle the curve of the pages from the spine of the book ?
does the bottom part of the desk get in the way of a chair scooting underneath to do homework on the desk part ?
is this paper 100 % tree free ? i know it says 50 % recycled and i was curious what the other 50 % is .
what is the time limit for use before the shredder shuts off or is overheated ?
can it print on both sides automatically ?
will this replace the pr4
how many minutes of digital recording time does it hold before it wo n't record any more ?
caller id display ?
does this handset need a phone jack to plug into or can it just bounce off the crl32102 ?
does this phone works with at & t service only or it works as any other regular cordless phone like panasonic or motorola etc ?
does this at & t crl32202 have call recording capability ?
can this be mounted on a wall ?
will these only require ( 1 ) .49 cent stamp to mail out
is the base detachable ? so that , for example , one could try attaching the pole in a different manner if the physical circumstances require it ?
i bought the one without the storage `` nets '' . i was wondering if with the right glue and craft handle could it be turned into a micro brief case ?
why are there two black ink cartridges ?
what is the weight limit on the seat
fax
does it do duplex printing ?
does the printer needed to be connected to the computer via usb in order to scan ? or can it scan to any computer on the network ?
does this printer have a front load capacity for checks and special forms to be fed individually or must everything be put into the paper tray ?
did they impove the steps the problem of the strength ?
what are the height adjustments , max and minimum ?
do i need to order the apple vesa mount adapter kit for imac and led cinema orapple thunderbolt display as well ? or does this come with your product ?
is it plug and play ?
does it work with quaver music interactive whiteboard software ?
i would like to use these for 1 4 '' thick wood name tags . will the adhesive hold well on wood ?
is it blank
newsoft
do these boxes include the hanger bar ?
does it remember all my calculations even after it 's turned off ?
in my current leather chair i tend to slide forward on the cushion not wanting to . does that happen with this one ?
can this printer handle 11 x 17 '' paper ?
i like the quality but not the life-span . i 've bought 2 in the past yr since after after 5 8 months they start to fail . suggestions ? any warranties ?
is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply ?
does it have phone jack , also what kind of printer i can use with it ?
would this work for the dcp-7065dn model ?
will this fit a wf-4640 ?
how long is the cord on the corded handset ?
from the pics it looks like its twist off , hence question : is it twist off ?
how can i stop ink from leaking from the sides of the nib ?
have there been changes made to the packaging ?
would these work to help keep clothes protected during shipping ?
two questions , does this unit have a headphone jack , will it work with a d1780 ?
i need one head set i can mute will this unit do that ?
is it an it3800 with a `` true '' usb cable ( not a ps2 style cable witha usb adapter ?
is it wall mountable ?
is the ms2015 the same as the at & t 1070
find the verbal caller-id announcment on my sister 's phone to be annoying and hard to understand . can this be disabled so u just get visual id ?
does this phone have a voice mail feature ?
when replaying old messages , in what order does it replay them : from newest to oldest , or from oldest to newest ?
how do i check messages remotely ?
i do n't want my cell info d l to this phone . i do n't want to connect my cell to this . is there an option to say no to connect and not keep asking ?
i cant get this phone to register to the d3098 base station . i have charged the battery to completion , reset the pram . so frustrated ! any tips .
can i use skype on this ?
is this castillian spanish or latino spanish ?
are these sticky all over ? or halfway up like a tab ?
is this tray compatible with the m401n ?
does the sign run off batteries too ? or does it need to be plugged in ?
lcd does not say `` printer '' - only copy , scan , fax , memory device and setup - how do i print something - should the lcd say `` print '' or `` printer ''
-what is the thickness of this material ?
did your phone stop working today `` aug-14-14 '' ?
can i do print and cut iron transfers with this printer ?
does this have elastic locking-meaning a spring feel when sitting down in the chair ?
can the holes in the base be used to secure the mount to a cart ?
which color ink is compatable ?
is the stem length 7 8 '' ?
can you scan 3x5 photo 's ?
do you load the slides one at a time ?
will this work with a digital line ?
does this scanner have a twain driver ?
how are these tabs packaged ? do these tabs come affixed to a sheet of paper or does each tab have a piece of paper which needs to be peeled off ?
will this work in the mfc 8810dw printer ?
can you use other brand laminating pouches or do you have to use scotch pouches ?
i need to make teslin id cards does anyone know if this laminator will work with that ?
can you laminate a long , skinny item - like a border for a bulletin board - with this ?
do you have directions for putting these boxes together ?
can i use this with my ipad mini ?
just to clarify , is this january 2013 - january 2014 ?
i have 3 voip accounts every account with different providers . can i configure this phone to work with 3 voip accounts lines ?
how much does it weigh ?
i need 16.5 '' of height on bottom shelf . what would be the height between middle of shelving to the top ?
does this printer have a cat-5 network connection ?
can i use this for my mfc8910dw ?
what is the height of unit with the scanner open ?
is scripture that jesus said is it in red ?
is it dual voltage ( 110 - 240v ) ?
does this use 4 ink cartrideges ?
will it work for chairs that are not on wheels ?
can you easily use it with your ipad ?
will this work on windows 8.1 ?
will this scan un developed film from a roll ? or is it only for negatives ?
you say on amazon 's web page that the tn780 wo n't work with the mfc8950dw but brother 's web site says it will . what 's up with that ?
where do i get cartridges ?
we have both a pc using windows 8 & a mac . can we set this printer & scanner up to print or scan from both machines or must we pick one to print from ?
so does it open on one side or two sides ?
my b1160w is not picking up the paper from the tray . i 've been trying and trying . there are no jams , the paper is inserted . the print sends fine ( tho only when the usb cord is connected ) and it makes the sounds for printing , but the `` paper catch '' inside does not descend low enough to grab the paper . it only works if i put the paper on top of the paper guides , but then it messes up the alignment and the paper gets scrunched and jams . did i get a lemon ? any advice ? my b1160w is not picking up the paper from the tray . i 've been trying and trying . there are no jams , the paper is inserted . the print sends fine ( tho only when the usb cord is connected ) and ... » read more my b1160w is not picking up the paper from the tray . i 've been trying and trying . there are no jams , the paper is inserted . the print sends fine ( tho only when the usb cord is connected ) and it makes the sounds for printing , but the `` paper catch '' inside does not descend low enough to grab the paper . it only works if i put the paper on top of the paper guides , but then it messes up the alignment and the paper gets scrunched and jams . did i get a lemon ? any advice ? « show less
what heights can this be adjusted to ?
is this now updated for the 2014 code
do the cordless bases need to connected to a phone jack , or only the base ?
do these work for canon pixma mg 6120 ?
is it real leather ? are the rings removable ?
mine just arrived . there is terrible squeaky sound . did anyone have that problem ?
what is the lap desk 's width ?
is this a ink and paper cassette ?
how tall is the distance between the bottom shelf and the keyboard shelf ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
does it do color ?
how to remove obi100 and replace with obi202 ?
does this printer duplex print ( both sides of paper in one print job ) ?
is this for top tear checks , or side tear checks ?
when open , does the book lay completely flat ?
are these compatible with my canon mx922 ?
how is the fax feature
can someone provide a link to the 3 4 '' comb referenced in the description of this product ?
what kind of usb cable ? does it have two identical ends that plug into 2 ports , or is one end like you need for an inkjet printer ?
is this model compatible with ms windows 8 ?
is there a manual to know how to operate machine
can this be used standalone as a copier with no computer connected ?
can we get a demo video to show me this exact item please ?
how thick of a pencil will it sharpen ?
are these pens the same as the chinagraph grease pen ?
i have been told by an ink refill store lexmark has added microchips and is n't possible , anyone know ?
would this desk work on a wheelchair ?
is this ink pigment based or dye based ?
which printers can still print b & w even with low color cartridges ?
can anybody tell me if the scanner can be used from an ipad ?
will it accept cf cards ?
if i wanted to add more dictionaries from my computer will i be able to do that ? i have some specific dictionaries that i 'd like to use can i download them to this one ?
are batteries included
what is the source of power ? aaa batteries ?
can the shred head be used on other garbage cans ?
do you recommend using bags ? if so , what kind ?
do these handsets have `` hands free '' speaker fone mode '' on them ? where u dont have to hold the fone to your ear .
is there a dial tone when you pick up the handset ?
how do i get past paper jam message that continues even after paper is removed ?
the pos wireles is ? operate in venezuela .
should we leave this printer on all the time to save ink , or i should turn it off via it 's own power switch while keeping it plugged in ? does it matter on ink usage ?
how does this printer perform for b & w prints ?
can this be set up to scan to a network shared folder so that all users can use it with out software installed on each workstation ?
this descriotion does n't state it is for all three colors ... is it just for 3 of the yellow ? or 1 of each color ?
how fast does the ink dry out once in the printer ?
will this work with a brothers business smart series mfc-j47100w ?
the high yield black ink 107bk does not work with the above machine . why are you showing it along with the printer ?
is the original hp warranty valid ?
low energy consumption is not quantitative and has no real meaning . can you provide the power source that this sign runs on ?
has anyone used this in an outdoor setting ?
will it have a regular american ac electric plug ?
what 's the benefit of the infrared ( ir ) channel ?
what are the table top measurements ?
is there a swan on the top of the pen
does this printer come with ink or do i need to purchase it separately ?
is the hp t120 compatible with windows 8 ?
is this a folding clip board ?
what are the dimensions of this calendar ?
business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards ; will the card slots accommodate business cards ?
business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards ; will the card slots accommodate business cards ?
i have back issues and need a really comfortable chair . is this chair comfortable for sewing ?
how tall is this cabinet ?
does this have an automatic document feeder or must you feed it page by page ?
can i have a signature stamp made instead of specific font ? if yes , would i scan and upload email the custom signature to you ?
does it only do transparent or can i actually use pictures from a book on it ?
how easily is turning pages ?
work fine in ml-2165 version without wifi ?
where do i get cartridge for this ?
where is the spare needle to be found ? it would have been nice to have had some sort of instruction on how to put this chinese product together ... .
is this product usefull to wrap the luggage and dispacht it in the airport ?
are ink and paper included ?
does it come with a case ?
does this laminator require a carrier ?
the power button does n't seem to do anything . the machine wo n't turn off with the button . i would have to unplug . is that normal ?
can the casters be removed ? i want to mount the shredder in a cabinet , however , it 's too tall with the casters . please advise -
since four entries can be made on a page for a total of 660 contacts , are there 165 pages ? how many lines are available for each contact ?
is this item compatible with an hp 6500 e709n ?
are there frames with it for handing letter size files ?
does this version of the kensington presenter ( k72426am ) trigger the f5 function when using the laser , like the 33374 ?
has anyone compared this to thefujitsu scansnap ix500 scanner for scanning photos ?
is this for epson xp 850 printer ?
does it convert a scan of an old photo to a jpg file ?
does the printer stop working if one of the ink cartridges need replacing ?
what inks can this pen use ?
can you confirm it will ?
will these toners work in the brother dcp-8155dn copier ?
is it 3 pack of 3 or just one pack of 3 ?
envelope
i assume there was assembly required ? was assembly relatively simple and easy ?
can not not get it to print since i changed ink cartridges thinking about putting it in trash and going back to the a hp , can any one help ?
are starter toners provided with the priter ? what are their expected yield pages ?
ok i got my basically new off ebay . i 'm having problems with center & right , they tend to sag down , any help ?
will this printer print business cards
will it work on a eithnet network ( cat5 conectotr ) network printer
i bought this printer last year , i bought a magenta cartridge online that causes printer to say , `` replace unsupported magenta cartridge [ 32,36 ] '' ?
will 2x2 slide work in scanner ?
re : e-z ink remanufactured ink cartridge replacement . will this product work with a lexmark z810 printer .
is this system expandable ?
is it alphabetical
are the front two extensions moveable ?
do these rolls have end of roll indicator to let you know when the rolls are running low ?
how many sheets are there in one pack ?
can you use one tray to print envelops ?
does this system have room monitoring ?
are the color cartridges high yield ink cartridges ?
would this work for hp 309 and hp photosmart 7525 ?
if i purchase this does it have the ability to send and receive faxes ?
does this have a zip-loc at the top to secure the id inside ?
do the legs fold under the table itself ? i want to be able to fold the legs under and store underneath a couch for storage ... would this be possible ?
what is the ink cartridges for this unit ?
do i have to set up wireless connection with each computer on network ?
does this work with skype ?
how many times can i use this stamp before i have to refill the ink ?
this item use battery ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
does it work well with prismacolor color pencils ?
will this work [ c3500b001aalaser toner cart ] for a d500 series
what color is the inside of the box ?
i have installed the new toner and drum , but keep getting blank pages . any suggestions ?
is this plotter software mac compatible ?
do they fit in the hp deskjet 2540 ?
does this phone have an intercom system ?
is the printer delivered with ink ? if so what capacity ?
does this printer support borderless printing ? if not what is the minimum margin it can print ? does it print automatic 2 sided borderless brochures ?
can you scan directly to email ?
when using the scanner , can you direct the scanned document to go to different computers on the same network or email addresses ?
does this plug in using a usb ? would it work quickly with receipts ?
how do i scan pictures
printer 1 year old . never used it until this week . the paper wo n't feed through . it jams immediately . can this be fixed ? is there a driver i need ?
is it emv compliant ?
will this work for the wf 3530 ?
is it compatible with windows xp ?
can you print envelopes with this ?
does this paticular model have an automatic duplex printing feature ?
how well does it print directly to cds ?
is this an inkjet printer ?
which should i purchase a canoscan 9000f or an epson v600 ?
does this have acid-free paper ?
how many ml of ink are in the xl ?
how many photo sheets do you print approximately with all new cartridges ?
can this bookstand collapse flat and become portable ( i.e , fit in my backpack ) ?
when using a mouse on the surface , is there friction or is the mouse able to glide freely ?
does it read qr codes ?
can you program your company name for the header on the customer receipts ?
it says that it is 15.75 '' x12.60 '' x0.12 '' in the product title , but 8.7 x 7.1 x 0.1 inches in the product information . which one is it ?
will this fit and work with an office jet pro 8600 +
how fast does it sharpen a normal pencil ?
how do i know the product is genuine canon ? any evidence that it 's not ?
do these cartridges display the ink level on the hp8500a printer ?
are there any hooks included ?
does this work with linux ?
can you sit this sign as well as hang it ?
hp cartridges have an expiration date programmed by hp so no matter how much ink is in the cartridge they will not work .
does it work with the ipad mini ?
what kind of batteries it use ? those are into the transmitter or the receiver , or both ?
are the rings easy to open , and are they durable enough to be opened several times per day ?
will this fit a legal sized file folder and still zip ?
the machine counts new 100 dollar bill ?
does this fit my mg5400 ?
are all attachments included so that i can use this as a wi-fi right away ?
what are its dimensions ?
does my computer have to be `` awake '' for me to make calls ?
i bought last year . then i forgot to charge it until the light is off . when i charged it does not work anymore . is there any solution ? no battery sold
how do get this phone to work am i missing something ?
is this made in usa or china ?
you get the hardware and not any credit card services with this , correct ?
are the pages pre dated ? and are there blank pages to make a list of companies with contact info , etc ?
what is the largest document paper size the scanner will scan ? will it scan 11x17 drawings ?
does it do text-to-speech well enough for a person with learning disabilities to be able to read a book with it ?
what is the wall thickness of the cardboard ?
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
will dry erase markers work well on this surface ?
how many lps does it hold ?
does it open ?
can i use it on ricoh sg 3110 dnw ?
what gauge needle is this ?
does the extra capacity of the pgi-255 xxl justify the higher cost versus the pgi-250 , ( in other words , which is the better value ) ?
does the use of the chip included in this kit require an earlier version of printer firmware ? ( printer scx-3405w )
does it talk cantonese or mandarin ?
there are no directions , can anybody help me put this cabinet together ?
does this work on digital phone line and does it have to connect via ethernet ?
what are the sizes of the risers ? how high is it on the lowest level , how high on the higest ?
does this have 14 megapixals ?
is it possble to tear the backing paper with the stickers on it , or would you have to use scissors to cut it apart ?
question about storage : i usually store pens and markers top-down or at least on their sides . does this storage container negatively affect the flow ?
how does this compare to a ratpadz ?
how many copies might it last for ?
do they have chip for ink level ?
will these work for hp 3520 ?
does it come with an initial printer ribbon ?
i want to use this to hold a single monitor . is this possible ? can it carry that weight ?
extended warranty
can this scan plastic id cards ?
help .
i have a 27 '' imac and a 27 '' thunderbolt monitor , will i be able to fit them on the varidesk pro ?
my wife is hearing impaired . is the speaker loud ?
can i copy legal-size by feeding rather than flat bed ? can i enlarge and reduce from the flat bed ?
ordered duplexer from ebay but manufactured in 2007 so did n't attach to printer purchased in 2014. when was this duplexer manufactured ?
can i get extra negative holders ? can i use this for large or medium format ?
does this really fit the mfc-8710dw model ?
do these write on black poster board ?
how many replacements leads are included ?
is the squeeze grip ball removable ? thx !
how many days does it takes to arrive to my home address in florida ?
i noticed there is no marker or eraser holder . how did some of you fashion a way to keep a non-magnetic marker and eraser by the board ?
does this phone come with the wireless base pictured on the left ?
what are the dimensions of the fob ? the ring diameter ?
is there a belt clip attachment ?
is this phone turqoise in color , and do you plug it in ?
will this ribbon fit an montgomery ward escort 55 ?
include the metallic guide ?
if i connect this printer direct with the usb cable , can it still be used wirelessly with other devices ?
does it blink ?
does it count venezuelan bills ?
what is the surface like ? will it keep my laptop from sliding ?
the dimensions in the description seem wrong . what are the measurements ? will it fit front to back on a 10 '' deep shelf ?
is power necessary to use the corded handset ?
can this label printer be used to directly print from paypal and usps ( without using the software it comes with ?
does it print two sided ?
can i get a drum just for a black ink tonor cartridge replacement ?
does it come with toners ? what is the size frort to back left to right and the height ?
good afternoon dear printer comes with all the toner . regards
can the base set be mounted on a wall or is it only designed to be used on a desk top surface ?
what ink cartridges does it use ?
does this work with windows 7 ?
does the slp 650 work with windows 8 ?
is there headset jack on the base unit of the phone instead of on the handset ?
will this amazonbasics laminator work with other brand laminating pouches ? has anyone tried this for example with the smaller scotch brand pouches ?
what happens when google voice is cancelled ( after may 15th ) ? will this device still work ?
is this compatible with a laptop ? and is there any other cable that needs to go with it to work ?
is it compatible with windows 7 ?
how many tags come in one order ?
if you get the 8.9 inches x 11.4 inches , can you cut it down to laminate business size card ? or is it only good for the full size ?
is it uv resistant ?
is this strong enough to attach a monitor extension arm to it or would that throw off the balance ?
is there a refill of r 20
is this a wireless printer , can i use it on my mac laptop ?
if i do n't have wifi @ home does it make sense for me to buy this printer ? i saw there is a ethernet option , but is that something i can even use ?
warranty
will the by-pass tray hold several sheets at a time , or just one ?
is that the vonage vdv22-vd ?
can you use it without the coin wrappers if you just want to count the money you have and do n't need to wrap it ?
what is the nib that comes with it ?
how many cards are there ?
what 's the size of the pendant itself ?
can i print from my iphone or i pad ?
can you choose to print in b & w and then switch when you want to print color or does it always chose to print in color if the document has color ?
can you load from the back , for cardstock thick 11x17 paper ?
how many come in this order , 12 ?
can you make sure and send me the blue planner ?
it this planner have like a small number on each line on the writing section ?
what is size
what are the inside measurements of the drawer ?
is this the right paper for putting a clear decal over natural wood with a polyurethane sealer ? and is it removable ?
can this phone be wall mounted ?
good evening , friends , the system includes manual isntalaciã³n ? some guidance ?
packed with box or bulk when delivered ? how much does this weigh ?
packed with box or bulk when delivered ? how much does this weigh ?
will this work for underwood model 18
for 1 book !
would you be able to use this on a foreign phone system - namely rep. of ireland ?
is this a screw off cap ?
can i use this to cut vinyl decals for autos ? say a flame decal 8 '' high x 30 '' long ?
what are the dimensions of the planner ?
does it work well with windows xp ?
will this scale weigh gemstones that are under 1 carat ?
i ordered this , it arrived with nothing but keys and a cord attached . my pos system does not regconize it . please help .
does this come with under counter brackets and if not where do we order these ?
can i keep my same phone number ?
can this be used with the at & t cl82353 cordless system ?
what materials do i need to get to actually bind something using this machine ? coil ? can i find that on here too ?
is this epson ink ? or is it different brand of ink ?
could this product be set up as an aditional headset to an existing base ? and that both headsets ring simultaniously when the number is dialed ?
where can i get replacement blades for this cutter ?
does it work with imac ?
will this piston work on viva office high back office chair ?
can you post a link to the instruction manual ?
will the money miser sort canadian coins ?
can you arrange to get a company name engraved or logo-ed on the product ? if so , how much extra would it cost ?
how subtle is the company logo ?
is there a way to recycle the empty cartridge ?
do the letter files go side to side , or only front to back ?
can this do all what hp16c used to do ? hex , octa , binary - shift left right , bitwise logical operators etc ? - or must all that be programmed manually ?
will it work with windows xp ?
i need these for poly bags . do they stick well without peeling ?
how recharge ?
can you use a shredder bag inside the shredder ?
will this ink fit a jinhao x450
do the hole punches fit in franklin planner binders ?
how many pages of printing is each set of cartridges good for ?
will this work for mg pixma 7520 ?
is there grey ink in this batch
does anyone know what replacement nibs fit this pen ?
does this refill come in a multi year ?
is the screen backlit ? can you read the time in the dark ?
can it scan math equations ?
is the paper ok for calligraphy
what if your office space has no phone jack , is there another way to use this model ?
does it come with a liner ?
does anyone have any info on the tiny pry bar in image 2 ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
what does it cost a mounth ?
i have this set on a timer . it turns on it starts in flash mode . how can i change the default background ?
i need to know how deep it sits . low is good : it 's for my petite gma . will she be able to sit in it comfortably without a cushion behind her ?
does this calendar have a storage pocket ?
does the week start on monday or sunday ?
is the product in the original box sealed ?
how does this refill attach to an agenda ? does it slide in , or does it tie in ?
why is this one $ 22 and one just like this one for $ 36
description says `` one month per two page spread '' . is this correct , or is it one week per two page spread ?
picture shows one mo.per page . discription says 3mo.per page . which one is correct ?
is this diary for 2014 ?
today is jan 17 , 2014 , a friday . in the photo above , the calendar has friday as the 18th . am i really buying the 2014 version here ?
are the date blocks ruled ( lines ) or unruled ?
how thick is it ? are there refill pages to replace at the of the year ? anna
does this one ?
does each week start with sunday or monday ?
will this fit franklin planner - classic size ?
how to you install the refills ?
i 've lost the manual and ca n't pair the device because i have no programming barcodes to scan , is there somewhere i can download the manual ?
please indicate in what month this packet begins .
does this planner include the 2 page per month tabs ?
has any customer found this to be reliable ?
just received my 4 pens . how do i tell the difference in nib size ?
does it come with an elastic closure band ?
could i line the pullout basket with a trash bag ?
i want to use these albums to hold my postcard collection using my own 8.5 x 11 pages . how many pages will each album hold ?
is this actual chalk board or a faux chalkboard ?
how is the volume compared to the actual staples `` that was easy '' button ?
can this be mounted to the front or side of the desk ?
is this planer refill loose paper refill or a spiral refill ?
okay one ticket has name and number on it , correct . so does the other ticket blank on the back ? needing to stamp it so they know where it came from .
will this fit mx892
what is the power ( voltage ) on this ? will it work on 220 volts ? also where is it made ? is it usa ?
does this printers adf offer a 2 sided scan ( duplex option ) when scanning from the adf ?
is this product compatible with lg gw370 neon 2 phone
is it possible to send a fax directly from a pc or mac through mc362w ?
does it have a straight through paper layout for printing 110 weight card stock ?
duplex printing ? auto both sides ?
can this product recognize foreign languages ( e.g . japanese and korean ) when converting into non-image documents ?
will it work on my computer that has windows 7 professional ?
so i have a 29 inch ultra wide that i have been wanting to mount above my existing triple 24 inch monitors ? will this mount go high enough to do so ?
does the latest model have talking caller id capabiity ?
does the product come with any warranties ?
does this take batteries ? if so , what kind ?
does this printer work with 3rd party cartridges does this have an electronic chip inside the cartridge ?
are you able to have more than one camera hooked up , ie front door and back door camera with one phone system ?
bmw
does this unite have a jack in each of the units to plug a headset into ?
about how tall is this when the legs are fully extended ?
will the cartridge fit in a brother mfc 7860w ?
i am still unclear about which size to purchase ! i have a 17 '' laptop and i must have use of my mouse ! do i buy a mouse size or a large ? help .
do you feel it would be sturdy enough to hold heavy college text books ( about 3 inches thick ) for fairly long periods of time while i am reading ?
does the printer come with toner already ?
can i print envelope ?
would this calculator be suitable for someone teaching themself calculus , or would its capabilites be wasted outside of an academic setting ?
how does the removable 3 ring binder work ? does it just slide out , and if so , do you lose any of the stiffness when you remove it ?
is there a clip at the right side top to hold the paper ?
what is the depth of the seat ?
how much of an angle would you say the seat ( not the back ) reclines ? from the picture looks like the second lever ?
does this scan wirelessly ?
does this work for cell phones ?
will this run on both windows xp and on windows 8.1 ?
does it have a 2-page calendar of each month in addition to the weekly 2 page spread ?
i 'm looking for a low cost way of scanning large documents like blueprints . will this work for large format projects ?
how strong is the adhesive and holding capability ? will it be able to hold an action figure box on a thumb tack in a wall ?
will it work with a samsung galaxy ta ? blet
is that a pentagram , or is the book upside down ?
how is this different from the `` flippal '' scanner ?
can the design be made with reflective material that can be seen at night ?
i do n't understand what this phrase means : `` ... you can choose or port your phone number . ''
can this printer copier be used independently without a computer ?
can this printer print in gray scale or black and white only as a setting selection ? can it print in economy mode to reduce ink usage ?
has anyone tried to refill the cartilage ?
is there an expiration date for this ?
can this ink be used in an epson wf7610 ?
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
could it work with battery support . energy is sometimes down in the nights , it would loose the data ?
does it have a legal size platen ?
can the brother mfc-j876dw duplex scan using the automatic document feeder ?
if i ordered about 100 of these several with several weeks notice would i be able to choose the colors ?
can i purchase this equipment on amazon versus from ooma without activation issues with ooma ?
is it e-ink display ?
does this work with hp envy 410a ?
does this reader work with windows 7 ?
can i put legal paper in the tray ? does it print envelopes ? can you buy and replace the cartridges separately ? what if i mostly just print in black
is there an auto feed feature for scanning ? many of my documents to scan are multiple pages . tx !
how does this work with a mac ? usb port ? does it transfer straight onto the computer ?
can you rotate your ipad to both portrait and landscape mode ?
on amazon the ooma with no wireless + the wireless adapter add up to less $ than this unit . is there a reason to buy this one ?
are these brand new in their original packaging including the cardboard box ?
does this scan in color ?
has anyone use bulk ink and a refill kit to replenish the ink ?
what is the shipment dimensions for this product ?
is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ref=sr_1_45 ? m=atvpdkikx0der & s=toys-and-games & ie=utf8 & qid=1383231295 & sr=1-45 is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ... » read more is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ref=sr_1_45 ?
will this scan multiple pages into a single document ?
does this scanner work with an ipad ?
will it scan a drivers licenses and credit cards ?
i am looking for a foot rest that can be used to step on with one foot while i 'm using my standing desk . is this firm enough for that ?
unable to get the software to to load and work . any help would be appreciated .
the yellow is not being recognized , the black was so i think the yellow is n't sitting int he carriage correctly - any advice on how to rig it ?
will these cartridges work for my epson wf-2660 ?
would this work well for really large medical textbooks ?
what is the longest size sheet that can be scanned ?
changed cartridges now only sees `` single cartridge mode '' ... what to do ?
will this fit a 200mm x 100mm mount ?
i have a 64 bit pc ( windows 8.1 ) . will it work ?
will this keep printing if one of the cartridges runs out ?
does it work with dell b1165nfw printer ?
can the stylus be replaced with a red pen refil so you have 2 pens and a pencil ( no stylus ) ? if so , do you sell a red pen refill ?
is this sturdy enough to put my small printer on top ? can the wheels be locked ?
does this come in tan or beige ?
what ink does it use ?
when there is a low ink alert , can i choose to ignore it and print until it is actually out of ink ?
does this printer have a built-in nic ( network interface card ) or no ?
does this weigh in increments of .01 oz all the way up to 86 # ?
do cartridges lc105 and lc107 work withmfc-j470dw ?
will it work with mac air ?
do you customize these ? how does this process work ?
ink cartridge is not being detected in my brother machine . do i need to remove plastic on top of cartridge before inserting ?
will it work on my canon mg 2920
hey there ! do you know is there 's any distributor to my country ?
does the hp1512 printer come with cartridges ?
how does it work ? with batteries or electricity ?
is the mat a rectangle
i have the `` newer '' unit with the 3 batteries - is this unit suppose to be backlit ?
ink disappears with heat ? how much heat ? we live where it 's hot and if the pen is in his booksack ... i 'm concerned with will the pens work for him ?
can this printer feed cardstock and photo paper with no problem ?
can you rearrange the order of the keys ?
someone on the customer reviewes stated that the lock servces no purpose . did anyone find that the lock is secure ?
can they be cut to laminate smaller items ?
1 ) i have a 24 '' and 2x22 '' screens . no problems in mounting ? 2 ) 24 '' screen has no screws holes . can i slide it on centre pole ? diameter of pole ? thnx !
is a instruction manual supposed to come with this ?
what is the weight capacity that this chair can hold ?
is it possible to turn off the riger for line 2 while keeping it on for line 1 , and or are line 1 and 2 ringer volumes controled separately ?
is this compatible with other computers monitors besides mac ?
are you able to remove the cushions if you want to use the table for writing purposes ?
i 've got a macbook pro 13 '' and a very small usb mouse for it . will the mouse be useable with this lapdesk , or should i look into a bigger one ?
please advise where to add the recipient i want to scan to ?
does it work in the mac environment ?
if it runs out of one color of ink will it still print or will it stop completely ?
will this keyboard work with a samsung galaxy tab 2 model gt-p5113
where can i buy replacement teeth blades for this particular model ?
do the wheels lock ?
does it have speed dial ?
are these weather waterproof ?
can the print head be removed for external cleaning purposes ?
what are the inside dimensions ?
can the arm be attached to a pole that is permanently fixed at top and bottom , i.e . without sliding it over the top ?
once a 35mm slide or negative is converted , what is the jpeg 's file size , and can i adjust the 20mp down to 4mp so that it 's not to large to email ?
will this lense ( nikon 55-300 vr ) work with a nikon d80 ?
is this compatible with windows 8 8.1 32 or 64 bit ?
refurbished ? any warranty ?
does it announce your caller by name ?
chips ?
will these work for an xp 410 ?
does it comes with a key lock ?
includes spanish language ?
how much weight can this hold ? will it accommodate 8.5 x 11 postcards ?
can i cut wax paper with this cutter ?
how many number can i store for block numbers feature ?
will it work with a tablet
do the ink monitoring icons on the lcd work with these ( j475dw ) ?
i 've had problems with `` compatible '' cartridges not working in my machines ( mostly hp . ) any issues of toner not `` registering ? ''
how can i change the pen refill ? and where can i buy the refill ?
how do you connect your cpu to it ?
i ca n't stand up for long ; i need a stool that i can lean against but not fully sit on at my standup desk . is this possible and safe ?
the description says it has usb & serial . does the printer have both inferfaces ?
it is 120v - 60 hz but how many watts does it uses ?
question the chair does not lower far enough for my feet to reach the floor ! i am 5 '' 2 ' and so is my friend ! my regular office chair at work did . cath
does this work wirelessly , or do i need cat5 connection ?
do you have to use it wireless ? can you use a printer cable with it ?
i only have internet capability through my apple ipad . can i use this printer with out having another wifi connection ?
does it come with ink ? the `` what 's in the box '' says it comes with setup ink tanks which does n't mean anything to me .
is it made in usa ?
has anyone had problems with their printer not recognizing the replacement cartridges ?
does this phone have standard modular connectors ( rj11 ) so that a longer coiled handset cord can be attached ?
is ink included with the brother hll2380dw wireless monochrome laser printer
this systems works with an epson xp-410 ? is it easy to install , does it bring a manual or it has to be install with an expert ?
is the lg pocket photo 2 pd239 compatible with iphone 4 ?
would this cart roll freely on dirt roads ?
does it count any currency or only usd ?
will this device work with an android htc phone ?
where will i find the user guide after installation ?
what operating system does it have
i am looking for a black band that is 1 2 '' - 3 4 '' wide and a rested length of 4-6 '' . do you have any that are similar ?
is the box is too big , if it hangs off the scale , would it still be weighed properly ?
i have a ton of negatives from the 70 's . how many seconds does it take to scan 1 negative ?
how long will the photos last ? months , years , decades ?
are these compatible for the epson workforce 845 ?
will it shred stapled sheets without a problem ?
after the scanner scan barcodes , what data format it is when it connect with computer ? is it a list of barcode or statistic ?
do the phone extensions have a phone jack on the charging unit ?
does this phone have a mute button ?
what is the range of the handsets ?
can i access my messages from a remote location ? like during vacation and i am away from the phone ?
do either of the nibs have any flex to them ?
does this machine print and scan 8.5 x 14 originals ?
how does the handset charge ? is the battery replaceable ?
is this printer eligible for hp instant ink ?
how many pages can i expect to get out of a toner ( black ) ?
does this printer have to be connected to the home internet ?
does this printer also scan documents ?
my desk is only 22 1 2 inches deep . will the pro plus model fit on my desk ?
is it wireless ?
will this work on mac os ?
will this continue to print black white when one of the color cartridges is empty ?
i see it has an 11 '' x 17 '' scan bed ... can it scan a document that size without cropping or shrinking ?
how much is ink
what ink cartridge does it use ?
what are the quality of the color pages ? or photo printing ?
does this model kx-tg465 have an answering system ?
