can anyone tell me the measurement of the leaves ?
approximately how many papers can it hold in each pocket .
is the pocket chart included ?
is the bottom edge bound like a `` book binding '' as well , or are the accordian folds exposed ?
can the paper be replace ?
is there an elastic strap or anything that holds it closed ?
is this hardcover or soft ?
how is the unit powered ? what kind of batteries ?
what size paper fits into the pockets ?
i am missing all the days of the week and number one for the calendar . is there anyway i can purchase items individually ?
is this spiral bound ?
the way the `` other '' version does ?
what is the length of the pen ?
can anyone explain the differences between the pt65 and the pt85 brother labeler ?
is owners manual clearly written ?
size
does it perform logs ?
what does it smell like ?
the characters on the screen of my ti-86 are very dim and i need to be under a good light to read them . is this normal ? can i adjust the brightness ?
what is the paper pound ?
is this item an oem original ?
which one is from the above ?
can it run on one phone line or is a fax switch still needed ?
expiration date ?
does this work for a hp desk jet 940 c ?
what is the weight of this paper ?
anyone use it on `` wallet-size '' photos ? how well does it fit ?
will this calculator be good for pre-algebra and through calculus ?
does this calc have a `` back '' button , can you delete just the last number typed ?
what is the warranty on this typewriter
where do i get a plug adapter to use in the uk as typewriter ordered has been delivered with the usa plug .
what are the font sizes ?
will it stick to a metal door frame ?
do you need scissors to tear a piece of this ?
is this tape double sided , is that how this product works ?
does it hold papers horizontally and vertically ?
are these clear labels thinner than the white labels ?
this dymo labels have strong adhesive ?
how do i get the cover photo to print all the way to the edge ?
are they original or generic ?
do envelopes come with the card paper ?
can i print on both sides with this paper ?
will this slide under the desk on a normal straight desk ?
okidata woking with laptop
do you have to pay a monthly fee for this ?
does the handset 's curly cord pull out of the bottom part of the phone , and have a modern modular plug , so i can attach a disability device to it ?
does it speak in sentences ?
this is the origional package but some say new packaging ? remanufactured ?
ti-83 plus silver i need to buy one of these for my upcoming class and i 've been skimming through the used list and i noticed that non of them have the cable to hook up to your computer . is the cable an essential piece or can i get by without it ?
is the printer compatable with android dragon touch or does some form of installation needs tl
do they come in hp original retail box ? what is the expiration date ?
can you draw on it with a finger ?
what is the # ( pound ) of card stock ?
what is the actual size of the calculator ?
is this a speakerphone ?
is the paper size the same a4 size ?
how do you over ride automatic functions and make it just a manual typewriter ?
can you write on it with a # 2 pencil and have good results ?
i 'm interested in the 1830. can it project a floor-to-ceiling image onto an 8 ' wall , or do i need a higher model number ?
does this phone require a telephone system or internet ? can i plug in to a typical or standard phone line ?
can you use telezapper ( to trick computer generated robocalls using sit tones so they delete you from their lists ) and place the telezapper upstream from cpr call blocker ( to selectively block other calls ) ? can you use a two-tiered approach by using both devices together ? can you use telezapper ( to trick computer generated robocalls using sit tones so they delete you from their lists ) and place the telezapper upstream from cpr call blocker ( to selectively block ... » read more can you use telezapper ( to trick computer generated robocalls using sit tones so they delete you from their lists ) and place the telezapper upstream from cpr call blocker ( to selectively block other calls ) ? can you use a two-tiered approach by using both devices together ? « show less
that day expires ?
i need to buy c9720a . pls advise how many pages can be printed ?
its have call waiting ?
is the white on the non-printable side noticeable `` less-white '' than the printable side , also any logos markings ?
my printer did not come with the set up ink cartridges will not set up without them ( hp ) does n't make them is this printer trashed ?
does the cartridge come inside of the original retail box ?
is there a hookup for an adaptor , or are you stuck with the batteries ?
can anyone tell me for sure ?
i 'm interested to know what size paper only supports ... a4 ?
is this a genuine brother oem new unit ?
can i put these labels over top another label ?
will product 98107 work with windows 7 & 8 ?
does the printout include decimals and commas ?
can it hold sheet music ?
what is the distance between the front feet ?
do you load the paper glossy side facing down ?
i wonder if the used ones include the usb cables ?
i want to turn paper dolls & their clothes into magnets for my daughter . could i do that with this paper ? will the clothes stick & stay on the dolls ?
imac
can this be mounted to a granite countertop ?
does this software come with a jewel case , dvd ... ... . template to allow you to import images to creat cover art ?
will this work in a cp910 ?
do i need a poe switch with this phone or is it built in ?
what operating system is it compatible with ?
what are the dimensions ?
my shredder gets light usage - how do i know when to oil ?
can 3x3 post it notes fit in any of the compartments ?
i want something to put card stock on ... .one shelf for each color . would this work good for that ?
are there spines for this machine that can hold 150+ pages ?
are the ruler markings painted or engraved into the board ?
1. how many names per page ?
dose it have the @ symbol ?
where are you located ? what country ?
will the time clock calculate daily overtime
how good is the lock ?
what are he column headings and how many columns are there ?
what is the stacking strength on these boxes ?
there 's some free space below each photo . is it possible to insert a piece of paper ( e.g . a small note card ) ?
any chance of fitting 2 sheets of paper in 1 protector ?
are these plastic sleeves top loadin ?
how heavy is this item in pounds please
is this time clock suitable for a nightwatchman 's rounds and can be stamped once every hour without overprinting .
what kind of batteries does it take ?
how thick is the pillow
can i please , please ask for red ?
i 'm confused about the weight of card stock . are higher numbers thinner and low numbers a thicker ?
does it have an eraser ?
will this refill work with an old paper mate deluxe powerpoint ?
the item name says that it is a fine point , but the technical details says it 's a medium point ?
is it possible to still buy a bottle of ink ?
does it have one or two rollers ( the spiral sharpeners ) ?
is it recyclable ?
black warrior hb2 lead not dark anymore , what happened ?
i know that prismacolour pencils used to be made in the usa but are these ?
can you erase if need be ?
what is the size of the page inside the binder ?
can this be used to stick then separate papers without damaging ? i 'd like to use it to tape car titles to a sheet of paper so i can file in 2-pronged folder . hope this makes sense . : )
what are the dimensions ?
how well do they fit on the pencil ? i bought a few ( do n't know the brand ) and they are too loose and just fall off . do these fit fairly snuggly ?
my teachers requested that i purchase `` magic rub eraser - non glossing - white vinyl '' . are these them ?
i want to use these industrial sharpies to write on plastic plant labels in the greenhouse and wonder if the sun will fade them . regular sharpies fade
how is the spray cleaner when used on dry erase marker that 's been left on the whiteboard for a long time ?
does this stapler open up so you can staple flat on a bulletin board ?
are they made in usa ?
how do you load staples in b8e electric stapler ?
can you open the stapler , for stapling a pallet ?
will this fold micro perf paper ( paper that has perforation for tear off remittance stubs ) ?
does this correction tape work in a brother ax-10 typewriter ?
how many watts does this use ?
do lumpy items stored in pockets pens disrupt the writing surface at all ? do you have to write on lumps ?
how many reams in each box
how glossy is this ?
how does it move over sand ?
is it 4 or 6 ?
does this talk to mac ?
can i use these sheets to cover a paperback book ?
does the product also include the clips ?
is this carbon with ability to create duplicates ?
i am assuming that these are blank with nothing printed on them ?
how to use template for this product
are the inside dimensions 3 x 4 '' ?
permanent
what type of cartridge it uses ?
do these envelopes print in a laser printer without any crumbling of the envelope ?
does it come with paper and ink roller or do these have to be purchased separately ?
dimensions what are the dimensions of this stand ? how wide ? how long ?
how do i insert pop up notes in desepencer
is this thermal paper ?
will this cartlidge work on dock 6000
will this hold a glass herculite door open ?
how do you get the old eraser out and put the new one in ?
can this hold a reguler size paper ?
any issue with the metal scratching the computer case ? if not , how is the computer case protected from the metal of the stand ?
people talk about the batteries only lasting three weeks . does it work without batteries ? are the batteries only for power outages ?
will this work on 11.75 '' x 14 '' pioneer memory scrapbook ? any ideas what it would if not these ?
does it work with win 7 and how do you get the drivers for win 7 ?
does it have a scanner ?
is goop all-purpose the same as e6000 ?
what is differences between dc-210n ? i 'm confused of choice paper trimmer made from carl because of the model name.what is differences between dc-210n and 12210 bidex rotery trimmer ?
can the angle be locked or does it rock back and forth ?
is this product compatible with mac os x lion 10.7.5
is there any bleed through if duplex printing ?
is the red a true red ?
is there also the option to have no message printed , and just print the date only ?
is it 2-sided or 3-sided opening ?
will this work for planners that have 7 evenly spaced holes ?
will this fit over a door and still allow it to close ?
works with 1 2 inch wide 3 inch core tape ( 3m 600 ) ?
can you adjust the printer for a four part form ?
is this glossy on both sides ?
is this the original toner or just a refurbished one ?
constant error .
are there any princess phones made by another company , one that does not have cancer causing chemicals
does this have voicemail ?
can the handset cord be swapped for a longer cord ? or a cloth cord ?
distance between two small shelves ? can anyone please confirm the distance on the monitor shelf between the two small shelves ? spec 's seem to be given , but without a drawing it 's tricky to be sure . it seems the monitor shelf is 45 '' w and the two small shelves are each 15.25 '' w , which implies that the distance between the shelves is ( 45-15.25x2 ) =14.5 '' -- is that correct ? distance between two small shelves ? can anyone please confirm the distance on the monitor shelf between the two small shelves ? spec 's seem to be given , but without a drawing it 's tricky to ... » read more distance between two small shelves ? can anyone please confirm the distance on the monitor shelf between the two small shelves ? spec 's seem to be given , but without a drawing it 's tricky to be sure . it seems the monitor shelf is 45 '' w and the two small shelves are each 15.25 '' w , which implies that the distance between the shelves is ( 45-15.25x2 ) =14.5 '' -- is that correct ? « show less
does this notebook contain 192 individual leaves or does it contain 96 individual laves ?
is this product ruled ?
is it just one clip ?
i have a friskar paper cutter that uses a round 1 1 2 disk with a hole in the middle . can you please tell me where i can get replacements ? shirley
does it have a journal tape in addition to receipt tape ?
some on-line videos show them cutting around the sticker . but , other on-line videos , show them just peeling the sticker right off . which is it ?
mac os compatible ?
are they keys on the new black version as stiff as the old silver model 's keys ?
his the photo in the ad the actual printer ? if not can you send some ?
what printer is this compatible to
can output also be saved as a jpeg ?
how is the drawer suspended ?
does this item have the warning for materials that can cause cancer ?
are the edges finished in a way that it is possible to put two boards side-by-side and still have them look good ?
length of wall cord
compatible with windows 7 ultimate ?
how is the battery ?
will this fit casio hr-100tm calculators ?
will this item 's drivers be compatible with windows pro 7 os
what size paper does it use ?
does the cutter extend to cut the tape when the plastic shield if bent ?
are these `` new '' in sealed wrappers ( not refilled ) ?
why is it selling much cheaper than anywhere else ? is it the `` real deal '' or a copy ?
does this machine have an `` announcement only '' option ?
purchased this unit why ca n't i print photos inserted sd cardnd light comes on and goes off please help
is it 24 '' wide with or without the mouse tray.. i only have 21 ``
is it possible to hold the monitor of dell u2412m ?
what is the stand made of ? metal , heavy plastic ?
i have a desk w a 36 '' opening , but it has a drawer that is 14 '' in the middle . can the brackets adjust to 14 '' ? so i can mount on the drawer beams ?
is the black phone metal or plastic ?
is it wireless ?
can anyone tell me if this cart rolls quietly ?
does it use a lot of ink ? is there a battery in the printer
my grandson is 7 and does n't say some words so i can understan them , can he type in a word so he can communicate what he is saying
does this pen with a black cartridge ?
how bad do they bleed through normal paper ? and for slow writers , would a fountain pen get a little messy ?
i have designed a label . i can get the unit to print addresses , but not on the label i have designed . what am i missing ?
what is the size ?
we are still using windows xp and plan to for a while and are printing on an hp 4200l . they work great together . will this printer work well with xp ?
will hp laserjet printer 1320 work with windows 7
will this fit the ql-700 ?
do these dk-2205 labels work with a brother ql-700 unit ?
most label tapes i 've seen have a glossy film on the face . do the standard ( 1 2 '' ) tapes have such a face ?
the phone wo n't keep an increase in ringer volume . i do n't want to return it , any suggestions ?
why is it for men only ?
what is the ringger ? is it a classic bell sound , or modernized ?
can you clean unintentional marks off non pours surfaces with rubbing alcohol like most other sharpie products ?
how do they work on canvas totes ?
does this work with windows 7 ?
is the lock secure ?
will these work on the polycom soundstation 2w ( # 2201.67880.022 )
can you use this to print labels for dvds as well ?
does this only work with `` avery '' cd dvd labels or will it work with another label like `` memorex '' ?
can this be used on printers other than hp or do you have to stick with the brand of your printer ?
dimensions of calculator ?
is this wide enough to hold legal size files documents ?
does the speakerphone work with the battery backup ( no a.c. ) ?
what kind of eraser refills does it use ?
will this fold in half and then fold the two folded corners in by 2 inches ?
will it cut plastic ?
hello .
will this work for canvas bags ?
can you raise the blade to slide mat board under it , then cut an interior opening in the board ?
is the rail made of metal ?
will this monitor stand be able to hold a 27 '' imac ( late-2009 ) ?
what type of paper tape does the canon mp11dx use ?
can it print a line of numbers from 4 to 6 digits ?
could this wall file be hung with 3m command wall hooks ?
will it hold the 14 x 11 legal files ?
does this refill have the number 312 toward the back end ?
the height measurement in the technical details and the product details are different . which is correct , 2 inches or 4.5 inches high ?
does this machine do embossing ?
do you think the pockets would be able to hold a stack of 3 index cards ?
what 's the expiration date ?
can you program the memory with one number access or do you have to scroll to a number and then select ?
what is the method of doing calculations ?
does this work for headphones to ipod ?
is the patented `` easy mount '' hanging system included ?
are the corners rounded or square ?
can you use this to store credit cards in it ?
can the grip be removed ?
how can i charge it ?
how can i make this work with vonage business solution ?
if i ordered the stamp today january 2015 will the date start 2015 and go forward ?
does this feeder work with 3x5 photos or just 4x6 photos ?
are the 5 tn350 brother oem cartridges and are they in a brother box
does this machine print on plain paper or a paper roll ?
does it print in color ?
will this adhere to smooth wood veneer ? and will i be able to remove it damage-free ?
does this work with vista ? okay , it works with 98 , 2000 , me , and xp . what about vista ?
are the leads refillable ?
do these bleed through paper ?
is there a fix for the paper feed problem ? since new , have to play with mine 5-10 minutes before it pulls paper . thx !
are the buttons on the phone hard plastic , or rubber ?
does this phone have speaker function ?
is this one poster with all of this information , or 5 separate posters ?
are the assembled dimensions , h 33-1 4 , l 45-1 4 , w 25-7 8 ?
does this machine have a `` deep sleep '' where i need to be there to wake it up to accept faxes .
is the cork thick enough for staples and push pins ?
what battery need to be used ?
do these pens have a fine or medium point ? are they like the vpen ?
are these really refillable ?
i can not tell which covers , paper and binders go with these . could you please guide me to the right products ?
i am looking for something i can use to project my notes from my computer to a screen where students can copy to their notes . similar to overhead .
what are the measurements of this phone
does this model have an optional bluetooth accessory ?
is it compatible with xp computer
can these be used with a laser printer ?
can it work perfect with 50hz ? and can it work with 220v through external adaptor ?
how can i get remaufactured ink cartridges to work in my hp 1510 printer
can this calculator do graphs ?
does anyone know if this printer is sold with or can use dye based inks rather than pigment inks and capable of supporting a bulk ink system ?
how much does one of these mailers weigh
how many sheets can it staple ?
at full height , how much clearance is there underneath the shelf ?
good deal ?
will this work with mx300 ?
how durable is this ? keys ' ink paint stay on ?
how do you mount to the door ?
what is the maximum amount of time this shredder can run before becoming too hot ?
can the tray be pushed all the way in or under the table , out of the way ?
will this work with vista home premium ?
will this fit on any brand monitor
does this packet come with the software for avery labels . if not , how do i get it
does this one fit hp officejet 6310xi all in one ?
i 'm just looking for power cord i lost mine for my machine know where to get one ?
vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the ... » read more vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? « show less
can it be used for canon imageclass d480 ?
how many ppm ?
do these carrier sheets work with the scansnap s1500 ?
does it come with a battery ?
do you know any hacks ?
color ink cartridge can it use the 57 ink cartridge which has 3x as much ink as the 22 ?
is the big one or the small one ?
would this work as a keyboard riser instead of a monitor riser too ?
could this item be used as a security method , from an intruder kicking in the door ?
is this phone works for mac ?
can you remove the lower shelf and use the unit with just the top and keyboard shelf ?
does the lid flip back and stay open when you are looking at a file ... ... without you holding it open with your other hand ?
can anyone tell me how to remove the plastic covering on the tape .
i 'm thinking of using these to color coordinate moving boxes so the movers know where to put each box . would you recommend these for that purpose ?
expiration date ?
does mounting the board require the use of a drill ?
is this a genuine new brother tn-580 or a refilled brother tn-580 from m & a global llc ?
what 's the dept that 's with the base ?
i understand this order will include one hp 15 cartridge and one hp 78 cartridge , is this correct ?
what comes with this scanner , power supply , software , trays , ect ?
can you use a laserjet ( as opposed to the inkjet specified ) ?
if stickers are placed on board can they be easily removed without residue ?
is the wood on top sturdy enough to have something engraved on it ?
does this pen include the z26 piston converter ?
does this calculator come with the charger ?
would this hold a smaller type of certificate or diploma ?
is this product wider at the bottom than it is at the zipper ?
or are they sold in 12 packs of 10 ?
caller id references phone book ? when someone listed in my phone book calls and caller id provides the number , does the phone display the name in my phone book ? i know some brands do this , but have n't been able to figure out if uniden does . caller id references phone book ? when someone listed in my phone book calls and caller id provides the number , does the phone display the name in my phone book ? i know some brands do this , but ... » read more caller id references phone book ? when someone listed in my phone book calls and caller id provides the number , does the phone display the name in my phone book ? i know some brands do this , but have n't been able to figure out if uniden does . « show less
belt clip for tcx905 ? i have several of these handsets but none have come with a beltclip . does anyone have a link to purchase these belt clips separately ?
difference betweentru9465 and tru9485 ?
does it work out of the box on windows 8 and a inkjet printer ?
can this be used to hold an 8.5 lb . monitor so i can attach it to a mounting arm ?
can you attach magnets to this clipboard ?
is this pad legal or college ruled ?
is the surface paper or plastic ?
voltage does this printer work with 220v ?
is it wireless ?
would this work to print out playing cards ?
what is the length of this strip - and can it only be attached by screws - or would a velcro tape work ? -
can i ise this paper with a laser printer using toner ?
can the 700 or 750 scan microfiche ? i have a couple hundred 6 '' x4 '' b & w microfiche that i would like to scan . the area with any pages recorded on it tends to be much less than the total size , so for the most part i only really need a scanning area of 2.5 '' x 6 '' .has anyone scanned microfiche with either of these scanners . i 've tried it with other transparency and backlit scanners but their reportd 2400 dpi was not quite enough to zoom in to read what is on the microfiche , close but not quite.i 'm hoping either of these newish epson will allow me to make 6400 dpi scans . i wo n't need to print and i do n't mind working with ultra large image files sizes ( i regularly work with 600mb-1gig .tiffs in photoshop for other projects . ) does anyone think these are worth me trying ? if so , does the 750 have anything that would interest me over the 700 ?
does the medium format holder run the full length , so 10 '' or 25.4cm ?
does it work on windows 8 systems ?
is it compatible with windows 7 and windows 8
is the programme for the primefilm 3600u compatible with windows 7 ?
rolled
will this scanner run on windows 7 ?
i want a more recent alternative to this product . a voip phone that works over wifi that i can take anywhere to stay connected . any suggestions ?
hi would you be able to supply 400 dh630 ?
how many volts ?
does it come with a ribbon ?
are these embossed ?
are all of the pattern cards printed with color or are some just outlined ?
will this hold 12 x 12 scrapbooking sheets
i 'm curious how many keys come with it ? i 'm hoping 2 ... ?
can i store 50-100 passwords ?
do i need to buy pages ( refills ) for this or does it come with them ?
is the bottom of this file collapsable ?
are the grid lines very dark ? do they make it hard to write in the notebook ?
hp printer compatible with windows vista i am looking for an hp printer copier scanner that is compatible with windows vista with no hiccups . does anyone have a recommendation ?
can you use premium cardstock with this printer ?
does this stand attach to your desk with screws or just sit balanced , no attachment needed ?
do these boxes have a double bottom or a middle seam ?
are the six rings lined up equally , or three towards the top and then three towards the bottom ?
is the height of this stand adjustable ?
does it work for pixma ip1700 ?
what is the dimension of the c88 printer without the trays extended attached . i have limited space . is it the same as my old c86 ( 18x9.5x7.5in ) ?
will it be accurate to 1 oz , 2 oz in the kitchen ?
will the anit-jam feature also spit out foreign coins or one dollar coins ?
could a sewing machine fit in this ?
some people say that since the tip is retractable it can become wobbly while writing . anybody else have this problem ?
i want to mount this on a wall that has a couple outlets on it , so the board would be covering them , will it fit over the outlet covers ?
are these best for checks or invoices ?
is this metal or plastic ?
is the connection between the power supply and the console just a standard ethernet cable ( poe ) ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
is the housing made of metal ?
could this fit a cd ?
how many ounces does each envelope weigh ?
brother mfc 240c 4 in 1 does this printer use ink cartriges as well as the hp printers ? i have a hp deskjet 842c . i replaced my # 15 black cartridge and printed 700 copies so far with it . what should i expect from the mfc 240c ? if a color cartridge runs out of ink and you want to continue your project in black and white , will the mfc 240c allow you to continue your project without running out to purchase one in the middle of a project ? brother mfc 240c 4 in 1 does this printer use ink cartriges as well as the hp printers ? i have a hp deskjet 842c . i replaced my # 15 black cartridge and printed 700 copies so far with it . what ... » read more brother mfc 240c 4 in 1 does this printer use ink cartriges as well as the hp printers ? i have a hp deskjet 842c . i replaced my # 15 black cartridge and printed 700 copies so far with it . what should i expect from the mfc 240c ? if a color cartridge runs out of ink and you want to continue your project in black and white , will the mfc 240c allow you to continue your project without running out to purchase one in the middle of a project ? « show less
would these handle a standard hardcover book about 9.5x6.5x1.5 '' . someone noted that sharp corners could be problem ... would kraft paper be better ? thx , jg
are these mailers opaque ?
do i need a computer in order to use this phone ?
how to set up with separate answering machine
does this card will work with fingertec ta200 plus ? also can it be re-use if employee quit or no longer with company ?
can this machine send faxes via the computer , or is it only manual feed ?
how many sheets does it hold at one time ?
do they come with 4h , 2h and hb lead as shown in the picture ?
what are the measurements ?
does this one have the same depth and height as the 8 slots model ?
warranty in the product description of the mp530 it says that it has a 2-year on-site warranty . however , in the technical details it states that there is only a one-year limited warranty . which is it ? warranty in the product description of the mp530 it says that it has a 2-year on-site warranty . however , in the technical details it states that there is only a one-year limited warranty . which ... » read more warranty in the product description of the mp530 it says that it has a 2-year on-site warranty . however , in the technical details it states that there is only a one-year limited warranty . which is it ? « show less
canon pixma ip6700d has anyone bought this ? and is it worth the money to buy it ?
has anyone received a 'door open ' error message ? i do n't know what to do since the door is closed and nothing can print .
are these like the old pentel milky pens ? i do n't understand why pentel stopped making them .
is this scanner work with window 8.1
changing property , driver specifications -- common usb cable strains the signal ? changes such as `` color '' or `` grayscale '' and `` draft , '' `` normal , '' and `` best , '' or `` landscape '' or `` portrait , '' etc . may be reached through the `` property '' on the print menu box or from the smart panel driver setting . i even select `` apply '' as that option appears . perhaps my usb cable does not note sufficient data flow . i currently can not change any printer settings at all . it is completely stuck in the draft and grayscale mode though the colors should on the print test pages . i have reinstalled the software and drivers , even the new vista software available online through the manufacturer 's site . perhaps the common usb cables simply do not transfer enough data second for the driver-property options to change to anything else ? changing property , driver specifications -- common usb cable strains the signal ? changes such as `` color '' or `` grayscale '' and `` draft , '' `` normal , '' and ... » read more changing property , driver specifications -- common usb cable strains the signal ? changes such as `` color '' or `` grayscale '' and `` draft , '' `` normal , '' and `` best , '' or `` landscape '' or `` portrait , '' etc . may be reached through the `` property '' on the print menu box or from the smart panel driver setting . i even select `` apply '' as that option appears . perhaps my usb cable does not note sufficient data flow . i currently can not change any printer settings at all . it is completely stuck in the draft and grayscale mode though the colors should on the print test pages . i have reinstalled the software and drivers , even the new vista software available online through the manufacturer 's site . perhaps the common usb cables simply do not transfer enough data second for the driver-property options to change to anything else ? « show less
this item incluid power adapter ?
vista compatibility has anyone bought this scanner for use with windows vista ? if so , how well did the driver download go from the canon website and are you able to use all the scanner functions without problems ?
run with w7 64 bit os ?
i am having trouble buying leads for this pencil , especially in color . any advice ?
will a mass market paperback ( novel size book ) fit in these ?
is the area where items go 9x12 ? meaning , is the flap add extra length ?
hello . can you tell me what country of origin comes from ?
what is the thickness of your mailers ?
is there bubble wrap on the inside ?
will this fit inside these envelopes ?
pull tab ?
can this be used as a 4x6 printer or does it require jpeg format ?
maybe i 'm missing this info onscreen . how much weight can this cart hold ? a grocery bag full of frozen items or meat ( kinda heavy ) ?
when you take the cap off , is the rest of the pen black ?
will this work on a sharp cs-1064 ?
actual size and thickness ?
is there a black only ink cartridge available for the se model duplicator printer ?
how to set tax percent
ip4300 does a new ip4300 come with the 5 ink tanks it requires , or must i pay about $ 60 for a set of tanks ?
i 'm poised to buy this , but can i use it to play video and audio files embedded in powerpoint slides , and not merely move slides forward and backward ?
black & white printing how can i force the printer to use the cli-8 black cartridge . i have now gone through my first -5 black cartridge , but the little guy , the -8 is still full . seems like a waste if i ca n't do something to start using that one . i do n't mind printing in b & w to get the job done . any suggestions ?
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
i received my ink refills but found no instructions . where can i get instructions on how to refill cartridges for canon and samsung ?
does this calculator come with a manual ?
the ink is fading . what do i do ?
are these pencils refillable ?
is this unit dual voltage .
also need to know if it is matte on both sides . do these have bar code stickers on the boards ?
i want to use these in an erin condren planner , but i do n't want bleed through , and i do n't want the marker to smear - am i ok w these ?
these say 100 % recycled . are they 100 % post-consumer content ?
i 'm thinking of using these to secure business cards to a bulletin board - are they large enough to hold 5 - 10 cards ?
is it really dry erase
what are the inside dimentions below the drawer ?
are these made in the usa ?
i need a product 1-2 steps up thicker than boise hd : p presentation laser , 96 bright , 32 80 weight ( 120 gsm 16m ) , 8.5 x 11 inches . is this thicker ?
printer stand recommendation this thing is huge ! anyone find a printer stand to fit it ?
does it print envelopes ? my ancient laserjet 4l prints envelopes nicely . you fold down a little gate in the back so the envelope passes through flat . does this printer have a feature like that ?
how difficult is it to remove the screws on the back ?
i have a bag of clips . how do i determine which dispenser size that they will fit ?
how many pads are in the pack
windows vista compatible ? has anyone tried installing this under vista ? does it still work or do you need extra drivers ?
what mean 120v machine ?
how do you subtract with this model ?
what are the exact dimensions ( standard system in inches ) of machine ?
`` secret '' button push for initiating an email retrieval call ? i just got one of these for my 89 year old dad . i recall reading somewhere ( one of these discussions ? ) that there is a combination of button pushes that will initiate a call in for email . can anyone tell me what that combination is ?
i want to hang postcards on my cubicle walls at work . the walls are fabric covered . will the adhesive on this tape stick ?
what is weight capacity ?
that scanners is in good condition ? have any problem ?
will they truly stay stuck to the outside plastic of the jewel case
how many file folder can this hold ?
what is the expiration date on black and on coloured pack of inks
is this product factory sealed from hp and new in the box ?
what is the expiration date for this cartridge ?
what is the expiration date for this combo pack ?
good afternoon necesitocartucho 21 hp to 22 hp officejet all-in-one 4300 printer model that is compatible ?
does this product come with the cutting crimping tool ?
expiration date is printed on the packaging . what is it ?
how tall , exactly , are the stamped numbers ?
how deep are the pockets ? i 'm just wondering how many standard letters i can get into one of the pockets .
does this embosser come with a custom stamp ?
does anyone know if this works with chalk markers ?
would a calendar whiteboard be too heavy for these squares ?
would 4 '' diameter mailing tubes fit in the openings ?
how many characters will it hold and print clearly ?
can i purchase a refill from you ?
does this phone have external power or does it depend on the rj-11 providing power ?
i need a clear , large caller id . is this the one ?
what are the dimensions of the versicart ?
does this phone allow you to set up a ringtone for each individual line ? like have one ring tone for line 1 and another for line 2 ?
does it work with aaa batteries ?
can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone ... » read more can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! « show less
does it operate on the windows 7 system ?
does this work with windows 7 ?
caller id skypein issue has anyone had problems with the last two digits being cut off on incoming skypein calls ? in the `` incoming call '' display when the phone rings for skypein calls , the caller 's phone number will be display as +161055512 instead of +16105551212.still waiting on a response from netgear on the issue . caller id skypein issue has anyone had problems with the last two digits being cut off on incoming skypein calls ? in the `` incoming call '' display when the phone rings for ... » read more caller id skypein issue has anyone had problems with the last two digits being cut off on incoming skypein calls ? in the `` incoming call '' display when the phone rings for skypein calls , the caller 's phone number will be display as +161055512 instead of +16105551212.still waiting on a response from netgear on the issue . « show less
hp l7580 : print using only black ink cartridge ? is it possible to set up the hp l7580 and or it 's software so that it defaults to printing only with the black cartridge ? i do almost all of my printing in b & w or gray scale , yet the printer frequently runs out of yellow ink . does the printer use the yellow ink cartridge to print gray scale ?
is the paper roll the labels are on slightly wider than 1 '' ?
can you use these erasers for laminated calenders as well ?
how many lines of text and characters per line will this stamp accommodate ?
is there is a ac dc adapter ( eg.electrical voltage input between : 100 - 240v ~ 1.5a 50-60hz and output voltage will depend on the product requirement ?
is it easy to take a bound 'booklet ' apart and rebound it ?
are all of the flags .5 '' ?
are the file holders removable ?
is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply ?
can the 1400 run with mac os 10.8 ?
approximately how many bills can be held in each compartment .
does the receiver sit well into the base headset `` holder '' thing when on the wall ? i.e . does it ever fall off or slip off ?
does the phone work when the power goes out ?
using this phone overseas does anyone know if this would be a cost effective solution if i am currently residing in the us and traveling to india ?
is battery pack included ?
does this mean 256 pages or 512 ( front and back ) ?
will this work on something that has been laminated ?
are these for 2014 ?
i 'm looking to use spray on adhesive to put my posters on . i dislike frames that clash with my colors and unnecessary glass . does this suffice ?
do these fit 13 gallon kitchen trash cans , or are they too small for that ?
can you heat shrink wrap with this roll ?
does the top swivel ?
what is expiration date ?
does this register use thermal paper , or regular plus ink ?
is it the cl-31 color ink pigment too ? or is it dye ink ?
do you think i could use this printer to print name badges at an event ?
does it come with alphabetized dividers and filler paper ?
what are the inner dimensions of the lower shelf ?
i have a canon mp190 series printer scanner and neither cartridge i just purchased are recognized by it . i purchase 31 & 30 with now issues . pls help
is the rotary blade supposed to go up and down ( it does n't click lock in the down position ) or is mine broken ?
does it have a chain or is it wire covered in plastic ?
does it have a ribbon to mark where you are in the book ?
does it show caller id ?
can this register interface with windows consignment software ?
where can i buy the device i need to be able to scan on this machine ?
what is the size of each date card ?
is the ti-30xs multiview a graphing scientific calculator ?
how much of the 6x9 space do i get ? i have a small box that is 5 '' x 8.5 '' would this fit in here ?
use my laptop on my dining rm table . it has approx a 1 1 2 inch lip will this work ?
is this model 332-016-bk the same as 332-026 ?
does the head rest tilt forward and backwards ?
what if you glued on magnets to the board , could it then go on a fridge ?
does this calendar come with magnets that attach to the back of the board so i can use it on the fridge ?
i bought this calculator to give to my grandson to use during the sat . does he need to buy batteries for it ? charge it ? how does it work ?
description is `` cork board 6 x 4 oak frame bulletin board '' . i 'm assuming 6 feet by 4 feet , correct ?
how about windows 8.1 ... any suggestions ? and does it store and allow you to manipulate the data ... eg , place in monthly budget ?
can this ink be used with in a fountain ink pen ?
are the pages sewn or glued to the spine ?
can these be used as `` whiteboards `` ?
are there 16 individual pockets or 4 long rows ?
does this brand new one come in a box ?
is it a 3-hole puncher was well ?
is it a two step process ? do you have to punch first , set punched papers aside for aligning or can you put the comb on and stack on the comb while punching ?
is the clip removable ?
does this shred paper clips and staple pins as well ?
my shredder is stuck . how do i unplug the jam ?
how does the phone line plug in ? straight into the back , or into the side ?
can it be used as a bathroom scale ?
are all the envelopes 4x7 ?
are they waterproof ? can you you use them with watercolor paints ?
you need a base for this phone to work ?
will this work with smart board smart notebook software , would i be able to flip through notebook slides ?
is the a genuine brother drum unit or a generic compatible refurbished ?
is this strong enough to hold a crt 19 in . tv ?
does this write underwater and on grease , etc ?
what is the size of the peanut ?
5300 is on and prints..butpaper is blank . ordered newprinthead 9 3. still blank paper . no ink is present
will not scan
is fm pro9 compatable with mac os 10.9 mavericks .
does it have include a speaker phone ?
what size of batteries does it use and what is the expected battery life ?
this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . « show less
could i use this as an address book instead of a planner ?
what is the weight limit for the stool ?
what is the seat diameter ?
i would like to know about the wheels . i wonder if i need to buy the casters made for wooden floors or would the casters on this chair be okay ?
do they include the little plastic eraser cover ?
is the finish on this card paper the same on both sides ( all 4 sides , when folded ) ? how good is the quality of printed photographs on each side ?
are there any logos or graphics anywhere on this box or is it completely plain ?
is the coin tray ( or dividers ) removable in this drawer ?
i 'm looking for a mat that 's big enough for my keyboard and mouse . any thoughts ?
are these pens authentic mont blanc pens ?
how easy is this to install ?
how do you reject an incoming call while you 're on the phone ?
device i o notification warning ; wo n't end program since i installed the c7280 , i have spent about 6 hours on the phone with india , first with hp , then microsoft , then d-link and then , finally , paying geek squad to solve this problem . no luck . whenever i try to log off , i get a device i o notification and failure to end program warning . i also often get a `` printer offline '' notice , even though it 's not offline . i have trashed the cd and downloaded the software from hp website and reinstalled , with limited success . whenever i disconnect the printer and trash the software , my computer funcitons fine . any solutions ? device i o notification warning ; wo n't end program since i installed the c7280 , i have spent about 6 hours on the phone with india , first with hp , then microsoft , then d-link and then , finally , ... » read more device i o notification warning ; wo n't end program since i installed the c7280 , i have spent about 6 hours on the phone with india , first with hp , then microsoft , then d-link and then , finally , paying geek squad to solve this problem . no luck . whenever i try to log off , i get a device i o notification and failure to end program warning . i also often get a `` printer offline '' notice , even though it 's not offline . i have trashed the cd and downloaded the software from hp website and reinstalled , with limited success . whenever i disconnect the printer and trash the software , my computer funcitons fine . any solutions ? « show less
can i use this model royal 1000 ml cash register ?
are the sheets all connected - like a tear off from a gum strip - or are they loose ?
anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes prior to printing . maybe it just needs to break in . anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes ... » read more anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes prior to printing . maybe it just needs to break in . « show less
is this printer windows 7-64 bit compatible
scanning large-format negatives i have b & w negatives in a number of formats , besides the 120 size for which a holder is provided . if i were to lay , say , 3 size 4x5 negatives on the scanning surface , scanning them as negatives , would the results from the 8800 be reliable and usable -- particularly as to sharpness ( relates to scanner lens focusing ) ? scanning large-format negatives i have b & w negatives in a number of formats , besides the 120 size for which a holder is provided . if i were to lay , say , 3 size 4x5 negatives on the scanning ... » read more scanning large-format negatives i have b & w negatives in a number of formats , besides the 120 size for which a holder is provided . if i were to lay , say , 3 size 4x5 negatives on the scanning surface , scanning them as negatives , would the results from the 8800 be reliable and usable -- particularly as to sharpness ( relates to scanner lens focusing ) ? « show less
what ink do you use ?
$ 100 rebate am i reading this rebate form correctly ? the $ 100 rebate does not require a camera purchase ?
is this good for high dpi gaming , low , or both ?
are they clear on the back as well ?
the description says letter size , but then says it is less than 11 '' tall ... can someone please confirm that this will hold a full letter size sheet ?
no digital ice with photos ? works only with slides negs ? i was impressed with the ice technology on my slides , but now notice that the option is grayed out when trying to scan photos . the online manual seems to indicate that ice is available in photo mode only with select scanners . not the v500 ? anyone else notice this ? is it just my set-up ? no digital ice with photos ? works only with slides negs ? i was impressed with the ice technology on my slides , but now notice that the option is grayed out when trying to scan photos . the online ... » read more no digital ice with photos ? works only with slides negs ? i was impressed with the ice technology on my slides , but now notice that the option is grayed out when trying to scan photos . the online manual seems to indicate that ice is available in photo mode only with select scanners . not the v500 ? anyone else notice this ? is it just my set-up ? « show less
i have the refills for the brother mfc 240c . after i remove the long yellow cover , is there anything else i need to do before installing ?
i ca n't figure out how to remove the strip to use it ? any suggestions ?
i would like to use for wine bottle labels , how well would they scrub off a bottle ?
print unable 32 error . what is this ? what can i do to fix it ? getting a print unable 32 error and machine wo n't print or copy but will fax and scan . tried turning it off and on as mentioned in owner 's manual and it would print but now it wo n't print no matter what i do . any suggestions would be helpful . print unable 32 error . what is this ? what can i do to fix it ? getting a print unable 32 error and machine wo n't print or copy but will fax and scan . tried turning it off and on as mentioned in ... » read more print unable 32 error . what is this ? what can i do to fix it ? getting a print unable 32 error and machine wo n't print or copy but will fax and scan . tried turning it off and on as mentioned in owner 's manual and it would print but now it wo n't print no matter what i do . any suggestions would be helpful . « show less
is this a retail packaged 2 pk set genuine brother lc 51 blk ink cartridge
maximum cut size ? one reviewer says this cutter will not cut a full 12 '' ( they say it 'almost ' cuts 10 '' ) . is that true ?
what is the length of this pen ?
what size refill fits a bullet space pen
is there anything engraved on the pen ? like `` space '' or something like some of the other pens ?
i write with fairly heavy hand , would i be able to use these pens how durable are the tips ?
how long is the ink visible ( under uv light ) after it dries ?
windows 7 ? has anyone used this with the windows 7 operating system and with what results ?
is it corded or battery operated ?
hi is it perforated paper as that 's what i was looking for and found yours in listing your listing dosent say if it 's kodak perforated paper
what is the width of this mat ?
i have a smith corona 1200. will this ribbon fit it ?
are the casters locking ? is the adjustable width id or od ?
has anyone tried printing to magnet sheets ?
how do i 'unlock ' the calculator . instructions say , take out battery . i did . ng . any suggestions ?
how secure is the lock against unwanted intrusion ?
how do you remove the battery cover after removing the phillipshead screw ?
can i have the main platorm pushed back under the desk but have the mouse platform sticking out ?
does this include the power supply ?
is there a handle or shoulder strap ?
how many sheets can be queued up in the document feeder ? approximately how many sheets can be placed in the feeder at once ? all of the product images show just one or two sheets being fed , but can it take like 10-15 sheets at a time ? also , does it work well when unattended ? if i feed 15 sheets into the feeder and walked away , could it deal with that quantity without requiring interaction and does it spit the paper out fairly neatly on the other side so i can re-assemble the original document ? how many sheets can be queued up in the document feeder ? approximately how many sheets can be placed in the feeder at once ? all of the product images show just one or two sheets being fed , but can ... » read more how many sheets can be queued up in the document feeder ? approximately how many sheets can be placed in the feeder at once ? all of the product images show just one or two sheets being fed , but can it take like 10-15 sheets at a time ? also , does it work well when unattended ? if i feed 15 sheets into the feeder and walked away , could it deal with that quantity without requiring interaction and does it spit the paper out fairly neatly on the other side so i can re-assemble the original document ? « show less
does shredder go to `` standby '' after some time ? ( blue light turn off ) , but then `` wake up '' automatically if one tries to shred something ? the 79ci does .
i need to mount this phone on the wall but the receiver does not stay on the holder . is there a button or something that keeps it from falling off the
what material is the blue portion of the lead holder made of ?
does height just adjust under the desk , or will it also adjust height to above the desk ?
when you say 2-pack , do you mean two packages for a total of 4 ink cartridges or just one pack with 2 cartridges in it ?
can the plate be rotated so that book pages can be stamped from top , side , and bottom and still be right side up ?
can we use two different fonts ? for example , can our names be in one font and our address be in another font ?
how do i provided my information to be put on the seal ?
can i change the dies to use different designs ? they say die holders and i do not know quite well what they meant .
it says 360 degree swivel . can you turn it sideways and slide under the desk that was so that it fits ?
in the notebook , it have one more line , what that line can do for ?
can you attach a pen pencil to the notebook ?
can you connect a cell phone to it ?
can you print on these sheets with an inkjet printer ?
are you able to cut small amounts of paper too ? like 1-20 sheets ? is it just for bulk paper ?
how big ( length x width ) is the mounting base which gets bolted to the desk ? i 'm trying to determine how much overhang clearance i need .
will this paper work well with an epson workforce pro wf-4630 inkjet printer ?
how to get reverse printing
how about its bluetooth capability ?
paper size
can i get a refill with the pen ?
would it work in gluing foam flower heads to organza fabric ?
my old cartridge still has life in it so if i order a new one , i would let it unopened . will the new one dry up if i let is sit ?
we want to hang this in our garage for our employees to clock in out . do i take the machine into our office and plug it in to access the info ?
what size prints does print
can the doorstop be used outside ?
would it sit flat without the wheels
porting your current phone number how does it work to port your current number over ? time frame ?
is the actual writing area leather or some other type of material ?
any issues using this phone with voip ? i currently have a 20 year old 2 line phone and am getting a bit of a hum in the headset . i subscribe to ooma
can both the ringer and the incoming outgoing messages be completely muted ?
how many handsets does it go to ?
how does smoothness scratchiness of these compare to pilot uni ?
can you isolate just the month and year ? are there any blank sides to do that ?
does it work with currency other than usd ?
can i put two black ink boxes at the same time ?
performance with mac os x one reviewer noted challenges with installing printer drivers for mac os x. any other users have good or bad experiences using this printer with mac os x ?
anyone who has actually used this : can it actually laminate 8mil like the manual says ?
have you used this to laminate card stock ? did it do a good job on card stock ?
can you tell me the maximum opening height between the upper and lower rollers . also , are the rollers rubber coated ?
how big an area will it scan ( size of the glass plate ) ?
what are the dimensions ?
the drawer keeps falling out every time i open it . is there a trick to this ? did i install it wrong ?
are these 2014 forms
is the cord removable so that i can attach a longer cord ?
can you use a dsl filter with this phone ?
where are the pictures placed ? do you mean that we program a person phone for one number and then place her his the picture on that number ? then , how i see the number .
does this date stamp start with the year band of 2010 ?
how many paper can you feed at one time ?
is there also the option to have no message printed , and just print the date only ?
does anyone know or have an opinion on how these rate and compare to faber castell pitt markers ?
do the handsets have speakerphone ?
does it open flat so i can use it to do a bulletin board ?
are the castors optional or do they come attached ?
i it waterproof ?
does this account book have seven vertical columns ?
can the pocket fit an ipad ?
is the writing pad area able to be adapted for left hand users , too ?
what pitch is this bell in ?
are you sure it do n't work on windows 7 ?
are the wheels removable ?
how many pencils can you sharpen at the same time ?
does the barrel fit into the cap ?
how difficult is the assembling ?
the one i got has a bad toxic smell like that of moth balls when i print now . anyone else have that ?
i noticed on the target website that it was lockable . but i sure don '' t see a lock . anybody know four sure ?
it looks like the layout is generally the same as the ti83 's ?
is this authentic , brand new and in the box ? does this come with standard montblanc warranty ? how long is the warranty and is it international ?
hardware differences of s300m vs. s1500m i 'm debating purchasing the fujitsu s300m or the s1500m scansnap scanners . i 'm wondering whether there are any hardware differences between the 2 models besides the bundled software ? i already have adobe acrobat pro 8 , and could purchase abbyy finereader or get the special proprietary scanreader copy from a friend . i 'm just wondering besides speed , are there any innate hardware advantages to using the s1500m ?
i bought this . it seems to be warped , curving in from the ends to the center . is this standard ? an optical illusion ? or damaged ?
do i have to use the the scan flatbed to scan or can i use the the paper load part to make mulitiple scans ?
i have lexmark x5650 . on the site , it says its compatible but when i type in the little box next to the picture , it is not compatible ... any thoughts ?
is the pen that comes with this ink a noodlers pen , or a platinum preppie ?
where do i get the disk for my printer ?
how do you open the stapler to load more staples ? i have this model and can not figure it out ! help , please .
what is the height from desk top to shelf top ?
what is the quantity ?
does this require a special charger adapter or can it be used with an existing european adapter that i already have ?
what is the width measurement ?
what is the height of the keyboard tray , looking for something erognomic ? and it sounds like the mouse and keyboard can not fit together ?
are the shelves really 36.5 '' in length as shown in the description ?
say i put a layer of this on a small piece of furniture then add glitter and another layer over that . do i still have to use an acrylic seal ?
does `` x-fine '' mean `` extra-fine '' ( ef ) and is it good for professional illustrations manga comics ?
will this hold and stick plastic fender flares on truck ?
i 'm looking to use this in my office- does it peel the paint off when removed ?
will this work on hp d110a
what is the expiration date of the cartridge ?
what is the expiration date on this cartridge ?
network
wireless install issue ? just got it . trying to install wireless features . got problems:1. mfc suite pro can not find the printer via scanning . i had enter the ip manually . but once restarted , got error message that the printer can not be found via the ip i provided . 2. tried bradmin light and it could not find the printer either.yes , i had window firewall disabled . mfc can easily find my ssid and connected fine . i even followed the brother site recommendation and reseted the network card in the printer and tried again . same error . i got the print out of network reports and shown that it is connected and ip is correct.i tried on 2 separate laptops , one vista x64 and one window xp x32 , both got same errors . i am at a loss . i am not computer printer illiterate . i bought brother based on my prior good experience with a inkjet mfc ( connected via ethernet ) . anybody with similar experience ? how did you solve it ? wireless install issue ? just got it . trying to install wireless features . got problems:1. mfc suite pro can not find the printer via scanning . i had enter the ip manually . but once ... » read more wireless install issue ? just got it . trying to install wireless features . got problems:1. mfc suite pro can not find the printer via scanning . i had enter the ip manually . but once restarted , got error message that the printer can not be found via the ip i provided . 2. tried bradmin light and it could not find the printer either.yes , i had window firewall disabled . mfc can easily find my ssid and connected fine . i even followed the brother site recommendation and reseted the network card in the printer and tried again . same error . i got the print out of network reports and shown that it is connected and ip is correct.i tried on 2 separate laptops , one vista x64 and one window xp x32 , both got same errors . i am at a loss . i am not computer printer illiterate . i bought brother based on my prior good experience with a inkjet mfc ( connected via ethernet ) . anybody with similar experience ? how did you solve it ? « show less
does this cabinet have a frame to hole files or are there do they hang on metal hooks attached to side ?
if using for just one word ( e.g . `` approved '' or `` released '' ) , what is the size ( height x width ) of the font or the print pad area ?
dimensions
is this a wireless printer
does this calculator know doing multiplication division before addition subtraction ? let 's say if you enter `` 5+3x2 '' , does it give 11 or 16 ?
is this a good product to seal a plastic frisbee ? is there one type of mod podge that will work better ?
will it attach velcro to leather to add stability to a magnetic purse closure
is the top left bin big enough ( and unit strudy enough ) to hold 4 stacks ( say 25 ea ) of 10 oz paper cups ? 3 stacks ?
will this box hold 5 x 8 index cards ? it states the box is 5 x 8. is 5 x 8 the outside measurements of the box ?
can some one pls suggest generic ink for this printer ... that works well ?
can i use low odor dry erase markers on this laminate ?
about how many bands are there in one package ?
will this fit the old style no nonsense calligraphy pens made in the 70s and 80s ?
is this blue ink or black ink ?
would this organizer fit on a shelf that is 12 inches deep or would it be unstable due to the placement of the product 's `` feet '' ?
is the ink in this pen blue or purple ?
i have the scansnap ix500 and was considering getting this scanner instead ( for twain support and tiff files ) , but those 2 would be issues for me . i ca n't tell if the ix500 has better or worse feeding . i have the scansnap ix500 and was considering getting this scanner instead ( for twain support and tiff files ) , but those 2 would be issues for me . i ca n't tell if the ix500 has better or worse feeding . « show less
is it made of solid wood or particle board ?
can this board be used vertically or horizontally ?
is there only 1 bottle of glue in this package ?
what is the expiration of the 564xl cyan ?
without this , will the hp photosmart 7520 print photos ?
i have a hp photosmart 7525 printer . will this cartridge work ?
writes on windows ?
does this set contain skin colors ?
what is print capacity of cartridges ?
does the chair have a leather or vinyl odor ?
is this compatable with windows 8 ?
how many postcards fit in each sleeve ?
name of item has the word recycled in its name . does this means it 's been used with some damages or does it means it 's made of recycled material ?
do you know if this printer will print documents that are waterproof ?
do the bands include a hyphen ?
can you take the book apart after it is bound ?
can someone please tell me the horizontal width when using all 8 numbers ?
is this calculator good for school in 8th grade and below or would it might be too confusing ?
what is the smallest tower width this will fit ? my tower is only 3-3 4 '' wide . will this snug up securely ?
is it auto shut off time out ?
can someone who owns this take pictures ?
do you have to laminate these ?
has anyone used these labels on a laser printer ? how was the quality ?
how many labels per roll ?
will this work for the zebra lp2844 ?
what are all the items needed to go with this product ?
will this hold the hagomoro chalk ?
what the biggest it can scan
what is the measurement between the legs , left to right ?
one question is , its the pan has black red pencil or black pencil stylus ?
would the slots be big enough to hold a battery toothbrush ( total of 4 ) or and a tube of toothpaste ?
how can i get the printer to print 4x6 photos ?
it has input for power supply ?
how does this compare to the sharpie ultra fine markers ? those have a 0.2 mm tip - does anyone know the measurement on the tip of this ?
how does this attach to the desk ? does it move around freely or is it actually attached ?
how does the 7 point star badge attach ? also , i 'm assuming the city of eugene police badge is just an example and or it comes off ?
i am getting one and two black vertical lines on the documents i scan in . how can i stop this from happening ?
how does the appearance of the graphite compare to that of the woodgrain ? which is more attractive ?
is the photo paper glossy or matte ?
does this phone come unlocked and does it work with ring central ip service ?
do i have to purchase the page refills or does is it already included ?
do you know if this will hold scotch 3m freezer tape ?
what is the clarity in hearing for the corded phone and the cordless ?
does the amplicification feature have to be turned on each time or once it 's been set , it is in use ?
does it have a speakerphone ? where is the icon ?
what is an est . cost to print per page in bw ?
illustration and title imply that these are genuine brother manufactured cartridges . description implies that these are third party copies . clarify
i need to find a printer that goes with this ink . what brother printers is this compatible with , printers that are currently being sold on amazon ? thx
the picture only shows 1 dispenser . the description says 4-pack . does that mean 1 dispenser and 4 rolls of tape ? or are there 4 dispensers and tape ?
what size is it ?
what is the maximum width that item inside can be ? i have a dvd player that is 14.5 inches- will it fit ?
what is outside measurement ( not page insert ) ?
does this come with the 2015 calender ?
how waterproof or water resistant is the bag ?
how does the scanner do with long ( greater than one foot ) receipts ?
must you have both cartridges in the printer , even if you only want to print with black ink ?
will this work with mp-495
is this compatible with selphy cp900 ?
i want to be able to write on the back side of the paper with a ball point pen . is the back blank ( without logoetc ) and can you write on the back ?
the area on my keyboard for the wrist rest is slanted . i have another brand of beaded wrist rest that always slips off-will yours stay on ?
my tower is 7 '' wide and my maximum space to place it is 8-1 2 '' . does this stand adjust narrower so that it would fit in the 8'1 2 '' space ?
which ink cartridges fit the bulow pen . my converter will only fill half way . is this an issue others have >
where do i look to order more letters for the sign ?
is their any issues with color fading ?
will this item scan the thicker carboard mounted slides and will it work with the glass mounted slides ?
where is this product made ?
can do poster printing ? if so , how many sheets ? : 4x4 , 6x6 ? total of 16 or 36 sheets ?
i know the mp980 is a newer model of the mp970 , but i can not find any real descriptions of how it is different . does anyone know ?
how does this scanner work with mac computer running snow leopard ? `` image capture '' ?
is the grip knurling exactly as pictured or is it the newer woods crew style knurling ? thanx
will it stand up against a wall when folded or will it roll and fall to the floor ?
the product description makes absolutely no sense , which product of the eleventeen listed is what i will receive if i order this item ?
will this glue broken ceramics back together ? can you use a very thin line of this glue so it wo n't be seen ?
how many come per order ?
how large is the stand ?
will this work on the larger primary pencils ?
are these made in the usa ?
can you use command hooks ( like these 3m sawtooth picture-hanging hooks , 3-hanger ) to hang this up ?
can you please help me need to know what transfer paper can i use with this printer epson worforce 30 need help to print some t shirts
does it have alternative languages ?
does the package have the `` innobella '' trademark ? also , what is the expiration date on this product ?
will this work on an artisan 837
is this considered wide ruled ? that 's what i need to fulfill my son 's school supply list .
doe this work safely on vinyl wallpaper ?
does this printer come with wireless network capability e.g . can i print from my iphone ipad to it without buying more hardware or software ?
can this product be mounted vertically ( ie , portrait instead of landscape ) ?
how much does 22 x 35 board weigh ? how does it mount ?
what is the hardware that comes with board ? is it the metal grommets that can be put on to hang vertically or horizonally ?
does the zipper get in the way or irritate you when writing ?
are these 175 ft in length ? i 'm confused by the 350 total sq . feet .
do the rings fall off the binder ?
good for my 17 inch hp laptop ?
is there a headset jack on the base or cordless handset ?
can it also work with foreign currency like bolivares , the code is bs ?
is it compatible with mac computers ?
could u let me know asap . how many balck color cartrickge included in the package ?
does it work with macbook white 2010 ?
exactly how do you install this cartridge in an mfc-7420 brother printer ?
to retract the pen , do you click it to retract or rotate it in between pen pencil ?
can you hang this map on 3 boards i wanted the look of a map on wood ?
does this work with the wacom bamboo stylus pen duo ?
will this come rolled or folded ?
will there be 10 separate folders for each order ?
does it have a call volume switch ?
are these the correct envelopes to use for a single 8-1 2 '' x 11 '' sheet folded in half ?
do all phones have a ringer off connection ?
does this unit have 2 outgoing messages or only one ?
does basket slide out
has anyone used these with the scotch thermal laminator - tl-901 ? did they work ?
it says the bottom shelf height can be adjusted - could the overall height be adjusted ( to make it 2-3 inches shorter overall ) ?
can this keyboard be installed underneath a granite counter top ?
is the base ( part that contacts the floor ) rubbery or plastic ?
anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges ?
is this an original direct from hp ?
which space pens have a retractible point ? does this one ?
is the glue strong enough to be used on a boat ?
how does it allow the user to name the document scanned ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
does this phone have headset capability ?
i have misplaced one phone . i can not find a phone locater on the base . how do i find the lost phone ?
will this phone work with my model kx-tga740c ?
i read that there is a flashing light showing that there is a message left on the machine , but does it also have a beeper alert ?
model kx-tga106 compatiable with kx-tga106m and does it include the base ?
how many pages do these books have ? are the pages blank or `` fill in the blank '' ?
can this staple open up to staple papers on the walls ?
are they rustproof ?
what are the dimensions of this item
how do i get the ink cartridges to slide so i can change them
where can you order refills ?
can this be used on laminated photos that i 'm putting on a foam board ?
are the dimensions of this white board 4x6ft ?
x
can i use 11 x 17 inche paper ?
how do i cancel a print job ?
is this tape to attach a chartpak paper to the wall ?
is this phone weatherproof ?
my printer takes the hp 56 cartridge , but when comparing c6656an , mine does n't have the `` n '' . will this work for my hp psc 2210 all-in-one printer ?
the hp solution center window for f300 does not provide just an ok to skip the false error , what now ?
how do print envelopes
i received today put in my printer and it tells me i need to replace ! no ink ! not sure if i have bad cartidges or what !
what is the maximum document size ?
my pro9000 mark ii ink cartridges periodically do not make contact ? these are new cartridges does anyone have a solution ?
is there a dispenser that fits this tape ?
what type of hp ink does it require ? does it allow you to print both sides ?
does it have a lip to keep book computer from sliding into your lap ?
are there more expandable phones to this set ?
can i copy the directory from my older vtech system to my new replacement vtech system ?
can i use old fashioned headset that plugs to handset not bluetooth ?
does this phone have more than one ring tone ?
can you use as an intercom between handsets ?
can the ringer be turned off at the extension ?
does it have an answering component ? when entering stored numbers hoe many times does it ned to be done ?
can i purchase just the handset without the base ?
does it have a mute button ?
when calling somebody , the person on the other line can not hear anything . is this because a dsl filter is needed or do i have a defective product ?
do you need software subscriptions ?
does this scale have a usb port ?
is the item portable ?
will these work with a givenchy stylos fountain pen ?
what color is it
do these converters work with lamy all-star ?
do these fit in the kodak hero 7.1 ?
will this scale weigh in grains ?
can this product be cut down eaily ?
is this rail set easily removed and attached to another map ? we 've got two maps that we will rotate through based on what we are studying .
is the keyboard slide out part fixed ? or i can i move it to another part of the desk ?
do you have to keep the monitor shelf or can you work without it ? does it leave holes on the desk if you can ? i am not a fan of the raised monitor . i am already short : ) and , do you have to hook up the keyboard part or can you leave it out as well ... if all the above is possible , is the desk still sturdy ? do you have to keep the monitor shelf or can you work without it ? does it leave holes on the desk if you can ? i am not a fan of the raised monitor . i am already short : ) and , do you have to hook up ... » read more do you have to keep the monitor shelf or can you work without it ? does it leave holes on the desk if you can ? i am not a fan of the raised monitor . i am already short : ) and , do you have to hook up the keyboard part or can you leave it out as well ... if all the above is possible , is the desk still sturdy ? « show less
are voices clear & intelligible ?
what size battery does this take ?
rack2 filer software worthwhile ? i can buy the scansnap 1500 with or without the rack2 filer software ( cheaper without ) . what , if any , are the advantages of using this product with the rack2 filer software ?
does it slide on the wood floor ?
how can i instald this product
does it come with the alphabetical dividers ?
is translate also english to spanish ?
is it battery operated ?
can it store two laptops ?
will this sharpener work with inktense pencils ?
is parallel cable included ?
does this have a usb port only ?
scansnap s1500m for windows pc ? i just bought a scansnap s1500m for use on my mac and i absolutely love it . i do also use a dell pc and am wondering if i can install the s1500 drivers software on the dell and use `` m '' version of the scanner on this laptop . anybody know ?
drum and toner differences wondering if anyone could explain the differences in a drum and a toner , on the brother mfc-8890dw laser printer ? do both need to be replaced and if so , at what interval ?
can i put a comcast cable box under this and a playstation on top ?
are the labels adhesive on one side ? in other words , are they sticky ?
scansoft 1500 twain driver issue resolved ? have they ever resolved the problem w appending .pdf files ?
will this scan to email ? how many emails can i store and scan to ?
what are the dimensions ?
does this `` fx-9860gii '' accept an sd card ?
what size sd card does this calculator take ? is there a maximum gb size ?
is the hauser 777 rollerball refills the same as the hauser 7o7 .
in which country is this shredder made ?
do you just need one phone line ?
what 's the outer-most physical width ? 72 '' from edge to edge ?
is this phone still compatible with skype ( jan 2015 ) ?
i am left handed myself and i see no need for this pencil arent all pencils universal they are just cylinders so what is the purpose of this ?
hard or soft cover ?
what is the continuous ink supply system ?
will it work for an hp laptop ?
how can i print photos , is there some secret ?
can i print with the dymo from a laptop ?
do you have to change the rolls between sizes or does it hold 2 3 size rolls inside and pulls the one you requested from software ?
i have an older aeron chair with plastic covering the arms . will these replace them ?
if i print an image ( think coloring book page ) onto the top page then place it on an object & trace with a ball point pen , will it show up ?
can i cut this and use it for wrapping and sealing hand made lotion bars ?
i went ahead and ordered this stamp ... .and no where have i been asked yet about the lettering much less ink color . how are they supposed to make it ?
do you send a form in order to get the information on the stamp ?
how is wireless set up on this model ?
not having used for pictures-do you get paper the size of the picture or get 8x10 for many pic 's ?
is this an 8 or 10 digit calculator ?
what are the colors
i know it says it is a desktop phone , but does it have the capacity to be wall mounted ?
does this have a lighted keypad ?
is this a digital fax machine
why this dictionary is comparativewly cheaper ?
i would like to know where we could get additional sheathe also .
do these hold handing folders ? if so , can you still stack them with the folders ?
i just want to use this under counter bar stools , over the carpet when my grandsons are over , then remove when they go home . will it work for that ?
how many ribbons are in this pack 1 or 2 ?
does the power adapter go from 110v to 240v ?
country of manufacture
will this ink refill set work for epson artisan 835 ink cartridges ?
will this ribbon work on a 1962 remington rand fleetwing portable ?
here on amazon this cart is listed as being 61 in x 45.7 in x 42 in . for a cart that is huge . is this accurate or are we being misled ?
will this fit my smith-corona cougar portable typewriter ?
are you able to put wrappers in the slots or will the slots come out so you can wrap ?
what is the weight capacity ?
can this handset be used on that base ?
would this cis work on a hp officejet pro l7580 . according to the description it will but when i put in my printer it says it wo n't . confused .
are the stems removable ?
what do you do when the lead ca n't come out ?
how does the customization take place ? do i submit an image after i purchase it ? or the other way around ?
can i use this phone for a land line connection or is it just for internet phone line ?
does this one click into place when closed ?
we just received our paper packet and the 3 colors are not glued together like they normally are ... is it supposed to be ?
is this a 12-pack for $ 12.60 or are they $ 12.60 per unit ?
does it make any difference which side of the film , emulsion or shiny , is on the top in the tray ?
will this system support a total of six telephones ?
do these protectors have openings on both sides ( to insert 6 photos on each side ) or openings just on the front ( 6 photos total per protector ) ?
what type ( brand name and model # ) of refill fit this shorter rite in the rain all-weather trekker pen ?
works on windows 7 platform ?
is this phone wall mountable ?
i generally prefer fine nibs , but there is a lot of variability in different companies . do these tend more to the fine side or broader side of m ?
is the top drawer to the right also a file drawer ?
dose this pen come with a cartridge ? when you say converter nib do you mean just a converter or a converter and a nib ?
is this printer compatible with windows 8.1
what is the size of these envelopes ?
do you have to hold down the button to keep the laser on or is it a one press button ?
does this phone show voicemail calls on the base , not the handset ?
are the dimensions 11x17 width then length or visa versa ?
will this work with the i phone or i pad
can they be hung on partition hangers ? do they really fit legal files ?
roughly how much paper does this file comfortably hold ?
what is the size of the screen only ?
how is the speaker phone ?
what size is the pencil lead
what type of cartridge does it use ? # 60 ?
the next day it has jumped to $ 218 or higher . wth ! i 've included a note not to pay more than $ 148 . the next day it has jumped to $ 218 or higher . wth ! the next day it has jumped to $ 218 or higher . wth ! i 've included a note not to pay more than $ 148 . « show less
will this ink print on pvc cards ?
how does the kodak i1120 compare to a fujitsu ix500 in easy to use ?
does it work with windows 8 as a plug & play device ?
how wide can you expand it ?
size ? responses range from 1 to 5 pounds and 3.5 to 7 '' tall . curious variability . question asked repeatedly . maybe seller might post accurate specs ?
ok i just ordered an ooma . when i connect it to my wireless router about how long to get the phone # and unit working with my cordless phones ?
what are the inside dimensions in inches ?
why does the cartridge ( tn210 for mfc-9320cw ) appear to still be half full of toner ?
how to determine which toner cartridge needs to be replaced ?
flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless ... » read more flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? « show less
how long is it ?
will it hold a 32 ' lcd tv
what are the measurements of the desk ?
just got product=your description states '' made in usa '' but printed on the product & manual states `` made in china '' -is ink pigment or dye ? -very watery !
will it clip onto a waistband , if you are n't wearing a belt ?
can you put a bag liner into the basket to collect the shreds without disabling the trip switch ?
is this network printer ?
can you correct the image on the scanner ? does it enahance the image at all ? at least adjust the white black balance or any simple adjustements ?
is there a video output ? i have a presenter who requested this and we need it to appear on two different screens .
why does the top part of the scale open ?
is this cd compatible with windows 7 ?
is it compatible with windows 8.1 ?
how many cards in the box ?
hello ! i would like to know if this seals can be used with my personal embosser machine . is it metallic foil ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
hey does this chair tilt at all ?
is this cabinet sturdy enough to put a ( 4-in-1 ) printer , scanner , copier & fax machine on it ?
can i use this with a laptop that does not have a disc drive ?
would this work well for printing detailed maps ? if so , which quality of print settings , low , medium or high ?
does it cut into photo booth strips ? meaning it would automatically cut the 4x6 into 2 2x3 strips ?
can you see through to the surface underneath the mat ?
can this machine handle carbon copies of checks ? can you buy black ink ?
how can i get the ip address of my ml 2525w printer from samsung via usb .
my bottom drawer on this cabinet has locked up for some reason . can you tell me how to get it unlocked .
are the arms non marking ?
are these ready to use , or do i have to transfer the old chip onto the new cartridges ?
why do these pencils carry a prop 65 warning for ca residents ?
has anyone experienced the inability to draw ink with the small syringe after filling the cartridge with ink ?
is it windows 8 compatable
must slides be removed from mounting ?
what material is this cabinet made of ?
how tall is this cabinet ?
does this file cabinet come pre-assembled ?
does this product have a key lock for security ?
will this hold my 12 x 12 cardstock and still be able to use the lid without bending it ?
is this official kodak brand ? it should have yellow on the label , should n't it ?
is this smaller than normal rubbermaid roughneck stools ? those are listed as 15 x 12 x 9 '' , but people are saying the dimensions are 11x8x7 ?
just want to clarify the dimensions : how tall is the unit including the wheel and lid on ?
i currently have an older cordless that has a blinking light on the base when i have a voice mail . but the assumption is that messages will be received on it - therefore there is no voice mail indicator . does anyone know of a cordless phone with extra handsets , a dial pad and speaker on the base but no answering system ?
does the phone allow separate ring tones for each connected cell phone ?
what ink cart . do i buy ?
will my ipad in an otter box work with his ?
can you remove the dividers in the bottom drawer ?
can the - tax button be differnt rate than the + tax rate ?
is this a basic calculator ?
is this battery operated or requires power cord ?
is the actual sharpener body , not the cover , made of magnesium alloy or is it plastic ?
can 3x5 photo be scanned ? or just 4x6 and 5x7 ?
what is the weight ? what is the circumference of the wheels ?
the product photo show it with two screens . does the upper one also show the negative or slide inserted or is it only of photos inserted ?
has anyone tried using this in an eu country ?
what is the overall height with the wheels on ? is it black or red in color ?
what is expiration date printed on the box ?
how much weight can it hold ?
is th box made from recycled material
can you isolate the audio of the callers . let 's say one caller on the left and the other on the right channel ?
to expand from 4phones to 8 or 16 , do i need to buy a new router controller brain ? love this system
is this producet made in the us ?
is speakerphone full duplex ?
what is the size ?
does this work on a hp officejet 4630e-all-in-one series ?
where can i buy a 2nd cordless handset ?
do the handles on top come off or are they a permanent attachment ?
how do you get more time cards ?
will this work for hp officejet 4630 ?
does this come with usb and power cables and ink cartridges ?
i have this scanner , but highest resolution it allows is 600dpi on photo 's and 4800dpi on film . how do you get 9600dpi resolution with this ?
does this case fit the ps410 600dp color scanner ? if not is their a case that does fit it ?
would a small magnetic note pad stick ok
help , tried the settings for label , cover stock , card stock and even heavy card stock . toner still coming off . any suggestions ?
can it scan small things , like business cards ? things that are smaller than an 8.5 by 11 in paper ?
is the size of the xl cartridge larger then the standard cartridge ?
whats in the box ? the battery is included ?
compatibility with windows 7 ?
will this hold a monitor stand via clamp on the back of the top most shelf ?
does it using ribbon for color ?
how do i get a new ink roller ?
does this print dates ?
can i use a prepaid sim with this ?
will this cabinet function without the wheels ? will the bottom drawer open smoothly and not tip over ?
would it work for plane travel ?
couple questions:1. what type+size paper could be used ? 2.how would i add a ( hard ) cover to the papers ?
is this a manual or automatic machine ?
what is the most amount of sheets it will bind for one book ?
is this a network printer ?
is the fax wireless or do i need a home ground line for faxing ?
does this book have a place for phone number and email address ?
does this work with mac ?
grey ink for canon pixma 980 ?
is this same as pgi 226
what is the amount of ink in this cartridge ?
is there any indication on the package how many pages the ink will print
would i be able to store a printer on top , or is it not that sturdy ?
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
what is the diameter of the base ?
will this cut something that is laminated ?
are there musical ringtones with this phone system ?
does this cutter have the wire guide ?
can you use these as write-on sheets as well ?
is this map 48in x 73in
what are the dimensions ?
how many refill pages do you get ?
will this phone work on a mac computers ?
does it create a jpeg file ?
does phone use ac adapter or batteries ?
is the distance between the keyboard and the monitor adjustable ( both on horizontal and vertical plane ) ?
how does this hold up to water ? okay to use on something that stays outdoors and gets wet ?
anyone have the link to the template ?
has anyone had trouble with paper jamming after installing this cartridge ? solutions ?
can you convert this from dual to single monitor ?
did brothers correct inkleak problem ?
it says `` retail packaging . '' does this mean it is new or that it is refurbished with nice packaging ?
does the tn 450 work on the mfp7860dw ?
model dcp-7065dn only has start and stop buttons ... no go button . what do i do to extend time on original toner when it says it is low ?
is this printer compatible with windows 8 ?
does it fax
q
can you tell me the size of the needle ?
do you have to use the remote to operate the phone , or is this optional ?
will a 8 week old puppy fit on it
how heavy is it ?
can this chalkboard be hung vertically ?
how many pages will you get ?
are the drawer slides metal or plastic ?
does it come with ink ? i really would like to know : does it come with ink ?
if this is plugged into a pc , does it create a file that can be accessed by the operator ?
is wireless
here is what they stated : legs can be set to two different heights , so how high can we extent it max ?
would this be adjustable enough to fit snugly above a closed window ?
how do i trouble shoot ?
are these pens colored ? like are they blue , purple , green , yellow ?
mx860
fast start
what are its demendions ?
what color are the words ``
can the fold lines be adjusted ?
does this store under the desk when not in use ?
windows 8 compatible ?
will this work with a brothers mfc-736on
can you clock in with just a pin if you forget your card ?
do u need a install cd- to hook it up , and wired to your computer ?
will this work on windows 8 ?
on the round one , where does the county and commission number go ?
just wanted to be sure : will it work with 9 pin to681 , to682 , to683 , to684 in my epson nx510 ?
where do you oil the shredder
what kind of ink cartridges does this printer take .
is this product used in a cross bailey , red lacquer fountain pen ?
come with support arms ?
does this model include a laminating module ?
how long is the hp warranty on this printer ?
i have this printer and the power draw when it starts printing is so high that it trips my ups . is this normal ?
how well does it scan documents ?
i ca n't tell from the product photo how thick of a desktop the stand can clamp to ; can it be opened up to 1 1 2inches ?
can you print two lines of text ?
will it scan full rolls and or strips of negatives ? - not slides
is it wireless ?
so ... this is just the drum , and does *not* include any of the four toners cartridges ?
does it have a microphone to be able to translate an english lecture into chinese ?
can it take rollers to wheel ?
how many rings before the answering system kicks in ?
how tall is the seat back ?
will this model do borderless and have nice detail in printing large photos ?
i would like to order 10 for my business office . how do i send their names and titles to you ?
how do we get this engraved ?
does it come with the frame to hang file folders ?
does it have a talking caller id ?
is this item plastic or metal ?
are they perforated to rip off easily ?
so does this cross-cut paper or not ?
we bought this in july but have not been able to use . i was told missing battery . do i need to buy separately ?
does this pack just have copy a for irs or does it also have copy b & c for employees employers ?
is it difficult to set up with a mac book pro
what happens when installed in windows 7 ?
how many pages can be printed with the initial supplied ink toner ,
weight capacity
is part of the assembly process attaching the casters to the base ?
can you mark on carpet ?
the only piece of information i need : what is the hasp diameter ?
what are the dimensions of the desk ? how high is the keyboard from the ground ?
are these stamp pads pre-inked or do i need to purchase the ink as well ?
does this work with quickbooks pos 2013 ?
some newer hp printers are equipped with ability to reject a refurb ink cartridge . does anyone know if refurb ink works with the hp deskjet 1055 ?
what is the size of the universal 48020 shredder ?
what size are the ink refill bottles ?
trying to match with my current office max filing cabinet ; is the height 28 3 8 or 29 mentioned and does it have the office max logo ?
how wide is the front of the cabinet ( exterior )
is the actual product package the same as shown in the picture ?
has anyone tried to cut one of these things to size ?
which is your thichest & sturdiest mat ?
what size keyboard will this accommodate ?
could i fit a 9x12 sketch pad spiral bound at the top into this portfolio instead of a legal pad or would it be too wide ?
is this file cabinet metal or wood ?
what is the width of the top platform , rather than the 19.9 '' width which i assume is the footprint , including the arched side arms ?
do they erase
is it useful to scan books ?
is this for a keyboard or a laptop
can it be used with right handed or left handed writers ?
can you plug in a headset for hands free ?
what is the warranty ?
i know the flatbed scanner can handle 11x17 scanning ... .does the adf tray support 11x17 as well ?
how do i change the font ?
can it scan insurance cards and id cards ?
what printers use this ink ?
i keep seeing pictures and videos of this . if you install in epson artisan 1430 do you have to print with the top of the printer open ?
when i put in my cart it says 23.17 plus 12.22 shipping ?
why ?
how many pages per cartridge ?
what type of barcode scanner does this unit take , usb parallel ?
what is the warm up time for this postal scale ?
ink
is it easy to turn pages ?
is this cardboard - will it bend easily .
would binder divers work inside this binder ?
does the platform locks , so there is no rocking motion ?
can you use it in portrait mode ? can the tray be attached to the short side ?
how long can this unit run before stopping or shutting down ?
how does it work ? do i need to connect it to a computer ?
can not get scanner to work with windows 7 home premium -- -- does it work with windows 7 ?
how the strip edges looks like its soft or rough , because i want to use it for my quilling paper
is it both mac and pc compatible ?
may i print from photoshop cs6 directly to this printer ?
is this compatable with j835dw ?
can you verbally ask it how to spell a word and then it gives you options ? or does it just talk to you when you find the word you want ?
i want only to copy old negatives . what size negatives does it take ? all sizes ? how does it work with negatives ?
how is this product differ from the same product that is sold by you with a asin number of b004vmtyqy for about $ 33 ?
is there a manual available ?
what are the dimensions of this phone ?
does it have variable ogm , i can record a greeting longer than 20 seconds ?
do they fit on a 3 ring binder 8.5 x 5.5 inch ?
volume
what is the bracket made out of ?
i just need a toner cartridge for my hp 1102w and this came up . well whats the deal ?
anyone had trouble w these drying out ? mine are fairly new and i have n't used them much , so i 'm not sure what 's up .
i need a lap desk for grading papers . will this withstand the pressure of writing ? is the tilt adjustable ?
is this compatible with hp officejet 4620 ?
is this comfortable where your wrist and hand make contact ?
do the drawers roll on wheels ? or does it just slide along some grid ?
how is the magnetic quality ?
how many lb 's is this paper ?
when do i tell you what i want printed on them ?
is the cutting bar supposed to be serrated ?
is there any warranty on this phone ?
does it do well printing on thicker cover weight paper ?
are these top loading ?
is there a limit to how many phone numbers you can block ?
will this fit my canon pixma ip2600 printer ?
is there a warranty with this calculator ?
will it handle faxes ?
can you turn off the announce feature ?
does this unit come with batteries ? about how long does it hold a charge ?
does this foot rest have non-slip ( like rubber ) floor protection on bottom of folding side panels ?
i am looking for a small envelope that i can put my unmounted rubber stamps in . are these sturdy enough to handle a card stock pic and the stamp ?
does this handset accept a 2.5mm ( or other size ) headset ?
does this phone use 2 aa bateries like the older models , or does it use a battery pack with a plug in ?
does this phone have a headset jack ?
is there volumn control on the base and handsets ?
is this wall mountable ?
will it work with v tech model 6215
i know it 's described as a japanese import , but is this pencil actually made in japan ?
does the dust cover fit my hp deskjet 1510 printer ?
can i refil the oem intro cartridges or do i have to buy new ones ?
where is the set made ?
rotary dial or pulse tone ?
do they numbers light up when making a call ?
how long distance this wireless pagers works from the main transmitter ?
how do i get rid of `` toner life end '' message
where can i find 4-up cardstock perforated paper that fits in these pockets ?
can you please tell me how much weight the top of this podium holds ?
is there an area to put markers out of your hand , or otherwise store them on this unit ?
any suggestions on how i can open this safe ?
i travel a lot by train and work with an ipad mini . is this light portable enough to carry in a napsack ?
how do you emtpy this sharpener ?
is there a slot on the inside along the side so that a normal notebook instead of a notepad could be used with this ?
what is the size of the envelopes ?
would this work with a samsung galaxy mega 6.3 ?
why wo n't my kodak esp office 2170 print out using all of the colors instead of just yellow and black ?
headset jack ?
where is the scan function ?
does this product come with a power base ?
which side is the margin on ?
can this be used on any desk or it will only fit with desktop from this manufacturer ?
why ?
does anyone have trouble accessing the phone book or have the phone register unavailable ?
is ths pointer wirelles ?
can this be used as a stand alone copier without having to be connected to a computer ?
when i scan i want the paperwork to be in pdf format , will this printer take whatever i scan and put it into a pdf format ?
what are the dimensions of a single refill ? do they match : diameter 4.9 mm , length 12.5 mm ?
how many watts does this pull ?
what are the dimensions ?
when i try to print on cardstock . it gives me a `` paper jammed '' error message . the paper is n't jammed ; it has n't even gone in yet ! suggestions ?
does this allow airprint for ios devices or google cloud print when using wireless adapter ?
are these compatible with the hl-3040cn , i went to finally replace these 3 months after i bought them and i ca n't fit them in the holders
how do you fold these ?
what size is cart basket ?
is the printer come with ribbon and paper ?
what is the size of the scale top where you place your item on ?
do you need a memory card ?
so which is it ? 20 lbs or 3 lbs ? 500 sheets or 2500 sheets ?
how do wrinkled receipts do in scanner ?
venezuelan airplane account ?
what is continuous run time ?
has anyone 's printer got ghosting after using this product ?
does it leave that unwanted bump in the corner of the joined papers like staples do ?
is the color of the lead black ? or darker than a regular pencil ?
does anyone know if this will work with the nokia 928 windows phone and the samsung intensity ii ?
assume `` double sided viewing '' means both sides are designed to hold inserts ?
does this item include the sheets to print on , or are they only the clear empty plastic inserts with the clip ?
will this drx100 range extender work with my d1780-3 uniden cordless phone system ?
how do u hook it on
is the surface completely smooth like wood or glass ? or does it have little bumbs ?
will it scan 12 '' x12 '' photo album pages ?
can this software be used on more than one computer ?
said wireless , but i have no idea how to set it up to my network at home . awful direction .
where does the paper load in this printer , the front , the back , or the sides ?
can this scanner be used by multiple ppl ? ex : could 4 people in our office each dwnld the software & use to sync to their own email accts separately ?
does this phone system include an intercom system ?
how tall of stack of paper can it cut cleanly ?
does this phone have a 2.5mm headset jack ?
where does one dispose of used cartridge ?
can i mute the ringer on this phone ?
do you think it 's too heavy to put on a purse strap ? and iin your opinion , which one is better , this one or the one from thor 2 ?
does this phone tell you audibly what number you have pushed when dialing ?
compatible with hp envy 4500 ?
how many pages does one cartridge print ?
how much weight will it hold ?
does this include the letter and mailing tube attachment accessories ?
how long does this printer take to print a simple business letter or a web page .
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
is this a desktop , does it sit on a table or desk .
can you tell me how tall this is ( including the handle ) ? and what diameter the cups are ?
can i use this laser pointer also for flash applications ? i need it for a game ( bundesratspiel ) . any help is much appreciated !
are the pockets crooked ? customers who purchased the pockets only said that the pockets were crooked .
does this system have a mute button on the wireless headset ?
my printer can not recognize the black ink which seems to be defective . color one is fine . could you please send me new black ink ?
does this pen come with an ink cartridge or other source of ink ?
if you hang vertically , is there a chalk ledge on one of the short sides ?
does this machine crimp the ends of the coin rolls ?
what are the specifications for ordering replacement tags in a variety of lengths ?
what are the dimensions for this ? some buyers noted the description is wrong ?
rfid protection for c.c ?
it is supposed to work for a 7864dw but a pop up ad says it will not ... will this unit work with the mfc7864dw or not ?
do lamy converters fit this pen ?
i want to give this to my 12 year old granddaughter ; will this be a good choice ?
what are the dimensions ?
does it weigh tenths of a gram ?
do you work with ink to sublimate ?
what kind of plastic is this made of ?
are the lights adjustable ?
has anyone used this for a small dog on a cargo bicycle ?
does anyone know the voltage ? is it bivolt ? 120 240 ?
i do n't see the dw-2280 listed here as a compatible machine . surely it is , correct ?
does this work with the mf4770n for sure ? 100 % does anyone use it with that model ?
will it work with microsoft publisher ?
can i buy refillable paper ?
in the title , it is stated that this has ruby eyes . does this mean real ruby , or fake plastic gemstones ?
sol corp ( non eom ) 4 pack refill kit how many grams per bottle , 100grams per bottle or 100grams for 4 bottles
is that one a scrolling led programming ?
is this product stiff have a backing on the cork or is it just raw cork ?
do the mounting hardware do damage to the wall ? i have damage-free 3m hooks . is it possible to hang it on the hook with a string ?
are there pages for notes in the back and tabs for each month ? is there a calendar that shows the full year and next year ?
how different is the rotring rapid pro vs. the rotring 800 ?
if a color ink runs out , can you still print black only ?
will this label machine print bold labels ?
will this fit a 48 '' by 96 '' poster ?
do these work on fabrics like microsuede curtains ?
will this work with the hp deskjet 2544 ?
will it work on canon mg6250 cartridges
is this compatible w a hp8.1 ?
how many cordless handsets are included ?
i need one in black but the picture its different than the ones in color . are they different than the black one ?
can this system do that ?
can it be used as a regular phone ?
would a composition notebook that is 7 1 4 inch by 9 3 4 by 1 4 fit in this journal ?
will the blade automatically stay up as you try to align paper or do you have to continuously hold the blade while also trying to align your paper ?
how do you refil it ? is it a cartredge or draw to fill type ?
what is the size of the flatbed screen ?
does this pen use rollerball fine point black refills ?
will this scale for weigh puppies down to 1 oz or 2 oz accurately . the platform is large enough , but how well are `` light '' item weighed ?
what are the dimensions ?
are 950 and 951 interchangable ?
can you confirm that this combo pack has one each of the cyan , magenta , & yellow color cartridges ?
work on 8620 ?
is this with all 4 colors
can this be used to refill dcp-7065n printer 's starter catridge ?
does the phone annouces the names clearly - you can understand what is being said ?
could this be used on a car ?
does it come with cbs logo ?
is there a secret to mounting this sharpener with the bar vice thing that was included ?
how does one use the clamp to attach it to a table or desk ?
does this phone let you know if you have a voicemail promised a call ? what about about caller id ?
is this phone a landline phone
can you use the new chalkboard paint markers on the chalkboard surface ?
this appears black in the picture - exactly what color is dakota oak ?
how do i reformat the card ?
can the forearm rest adjust in height in relation to the table ? if so , how much higher than the table is it able to go ?
is there a cutter to trim the laminating pouches ?
does it come with toner ?
i am trying to match vanity that is espresso . is dakota oak a close match ?
is this right ?
is it ? or is n't it ?
will this headset work with a mobile phone ?
are you required have voicemail through your phone company or does this phone system take care of it for you ?
can you have ringer volume off on base set and on for a handset at same time ?
has anybody tried to do a double lamination , 2 layers to make it thicker ? or should i get thicker pockets ?
what size are they
will this work with the epson xp 600 ?
can a document be more than 1 page ?
easel desktop calendar , importance is room to write note to self , in each square . assuming each square is 1x1 , yes ?
how do i calibrate this printer to match my monitor ? i use huey pro.. the color contrast on my prints i 'm getting are nowhere near what monitor shows
what kind of ink does it use
will it work on dymo labelwriter 450 label printer ,
do these markers wash out of clothing ?
is the adhesive on the front side ?
it takes almost 5 minutes to print 1 copy . what am i doing wrong ?
will the c610h work with the a510ip ?
i have this printer and when i print picture 's from my acer laptop the colors is always off . what i can do to get the colors the same on both devices ?
what software comes with this unit , particularly for the mac ? also , who is the mfr ? i 'd like to know where to direct support questions .
does it work with windows 8 ?
does this have a-z tabs like the other rolodex holders ?
can these be printed on with an inject printer ?
how is the military clutch back attached ? are the pins welded on or is the pin part just stuck on ?
connecting droid to printer
will this printer work with the square stand ?
if i wait the proper time for the glossy labels to dry , would they still smudge if someone touched the label with wet hands ?
do you have this product for inkjet printer ?
mouse use : will padded pebble-grained side panel edge ( from grey to red ) interfere with mouse moving in that area ?
does this work well with google drive ?
i have tried everything to get this unit to scan to others computer . and can not get the streaks off of copies even after i have done all the cleanup methods . anyone had this problem ?
i am getting a line down the middle of the page when i print from the adf ... .any suggestions how to stop this ?
what is the weight capacity ?
what do i need to do to fax from pro 915 ?
does this use usb plug to your pc so i can start to dial in and recieve calls with my voip account ?
can i use this machine to print fabric labels ?
does the feeder come off for packing in your suitcase ?
will not print black , is it from the printhead ?
does this work with a mac ?
is this compatible with mac computers
what size photos does it print ?
is this scanner wifi
do i need ethernet cable to hook this up wirelessly ?
high scanner resolution ?
can it print dvd 's & cd 's ?
how much weight can the top hold ?
are these checks compatible with envelope size # 9 with the double-window ?
warranty
can i replace the nib ?
what is the nib size ? medium ? fine ?
can i use this to repair paper lantern ?
is this black or cyan ink ... it has black ink in the title but mentions cyan ink in the description .
can this be used under a hanging tv for stuff like a dvd player or internet modem you know thing with wires ?
how do i copy a legal document ?
what is the color combo ?
what version of abby pdf converter does this include with this package
our fridge is kind of rounded , is this board flexible ?
in t he past i refilled cartridges this way and it killed my printers soon after . has this happened to anyone with this product ?
what color is the ink ?
can i scan multiple pages as a single pdf file and be sent to my email ?
how big is it , why nobody talk about cd268 's size .
will this work with canon mf4770n ... i recall the firmware not allowing a non-canon official cartridge ?
does it print on printable cds dvds ?
costco recently began offering refills for this printer , and provides how to instructions . has anybody tried that with this printer ?
i know that the printer offers double-sided ( duplex ) functionality with adf , but does the duplex and adf functionality also apply to scanning and copying ? that is , if i have a 2-sided document to scan , with the printer automatically scan both sides ?
does this item come with a starter set of ink ?
does the top swivel ?
takes effort to remove cap off mine . sometimes i need one hand and two fingers of the other to remove the cap . anyone else have the same problem ?
some reviewers mentioned it creates a separate pdf file for each page scanned . is there a way to scan several pages into a single pdf file ?
will it print from an ipad ?
is this product packaged in the original box ?
how far far from the base can you be & still use phone ? do you need a phone jack for the second phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
could n't using this damage some books ?
lip how wide is the lip been looking for a product with only 24 inch lip i havent seen one yet ?
wide horizontal gaps appeared after i changed the black ink and i used the system cleaning many times still happen what should i do ?
i am considering purchasing the epson stylus pro 3880 , along with these inks . huge purchase for me ! -- please , how long do these last , realistically ?
what ink cartridge does it use ?
is this airprint compatible
the scanner keeps scanning how do i disable the automatic scanning . i would like to only have it scan when trigger is pulled manual ' code did n't help ?
is this printer support windows 7 ?
i got small , curious kids in the house . please tell me how and how good the safety features work .
does this printer come with pre-installed color and black cartridges ?
what is different between `` dn '' and `` n '' modles ?
can you draw on these ? would sharpies work ?
want to know where to install the cartridge into the printer
how accurate is the color ?
what are the outside diminsions of the canon pixma 3120 printer ?
does this come with labels ?
would this work for a chair or sofa use ?
how heavy is this ?
will an asus pb278q be able to be mounted to this ? or is it actually too heavy ?
are these original lexmark items ?
will this printer use 200xl cartridges
how long does the toner last with normal business use ?
dimensions on amazon and hp site are very different , 23.2x19.5x21.2 in compared to 16.3x16.9x15.7 . what are actual dimensions ? i have limited space
does it come with a duplexer ?
my canon uses the 240xl just fine , will the 240xxl fit my printer too ? canon pixma mg3200
would this cartridge work on canon mg2100 series ?
100 xl drifrent from plain 100 ?
we have two stores one across street from the other can system handle both locations ?
this is only 110v ?
do you except paypal ?
does this clock provide and sdk that allows software developers to programmatically access the time clock and poll punches to other systems ?
can i use 2.25 '' thermal rolls for this ?
is it possible to mute all the rings ( both on phone and answering system ) ?
does this have a square root button ?
what is the input voltage 110v or 220v ?
are these cart 's chip already reset ? or will i have to do it when they arive ?
could this be mounted upside down on a shelf that is behind and above the desk ?
do these phones have headset jack capability ?
this include 2 units of gxp 1405 ?
how fast does the envelope printer print ? is it dependent on the printer model it 's plugged into ? what subset of the printer speed would it be then ?
can you create your own illustrations decal designs ( vectors ) and print them with this - or is it only clip-art images ?
what is the chip that 's included ? what do you do with it ?
has anyone printed cd labels with this printer ?
is any assembly needed ?
how fast is the scan speed ? such as , 300dpi color , 10 single side pages from the document feeder , to usb stick ?
my current plan book has 20 boxes per page , which allows me 40 boxes per week with both sides . how many does this planner have ?
does this box have plastic strap hinges ?
i just received my tn 450 and installed it today . it prints great , but i still get a toner low message on my hl-2280dw . what is the solution ?
will this work with the ayava 18d model phone system ? we have cat 6 internet . what would the difference be between using our existing phone vs voip ?
does is work with quicken ?
can this be mounted vertically ?
what are spendvelope for . are they used to put the cash in wish you expect to spent weekly or save ?
does this come with a needle ? there 's none pictured
how can i store the inventory or bar code before selling ?
how does this run ? do you plug it in outlet or is it through battery ?
printer 9125 cn : is this a lazer printer ? how many cartridges ? how much each ?
does this printer come with the 4-pack of toner cartridges when purchased new ? or do those have to be purchased separately ?
i bought these and the colors came out ok , but know the ink has leaked in my printer and in hands when removed . also it doesnt print colors in the picture.is that normal ?
is the tip made the same as a regular sharpie ?
do i have to print 3 checks at a time to have whole page go through printer ? or if i print on 2 checks can i later send just 1 check through printer ?
are the sheets clear , or lined as shown ?
are these weather proof ?
can the stamp have 4 lines ?
does it come assembled ?
does this include the drum , toner and auto feeder ?
is this 100 packs of 10 ? - so its 1000 total sheets ?
can i use a converter in this pen ? which one ?
i like a 4b pencil for crossword puzzles . would this pencil be comparable or should i get the 602 ?
does it have a tray on the bottom of the white board to hold markers or prop a pasteboard up ?
what about the ã± letter in spanish ? does the keyboard offer the possibility of typing it ?
can i empty a eggshell and fill it with something else with those needles ?
what is the max height that the table can extend to ?
may i know if these refills are suitable for 'parker urban premium chiseled medium point ballpoint pen ' ? is this the 1.0m model ?
is it possible to buy just the top of the shredder which is the part that is broken
does it have an expiry date ?
can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ? like these : http : www.amazon.com pendaflex-reinforced-hanging-folders-4158 dp b0 can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ? like these : http : www.amazon.com pendaflex-rein ... » read more can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ?
will this read a usps shipping label barcode ? many will not .
is it compatible with shopkeep ?
my computer is not wireless , can i still use this printer ?
how many copies will this cartridge make ?
is the hp officejet 6700 premium color photo printer still being made ?
does this scanner have a document autofeeder or do you have to feed the scanner page by page ? does this work with windows 8.1 ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
does it support macintosh computers ? what about ipad printing ?
the disc driver arrive broken , where can dowload drivers for58mm usb pos receipt thermal printer ?
is this a good thickness for greeting cards ?
will this work with smartboard presentation software ?
can this tray install with the 8610 eaio ?
does this mount on drywall without studs ? if so does the appropriate hardware come with it ?
will the scanner functions still work if the printer ink runs out ?
will these work on zebra lp-2844 ?
how many jacks do you need ? can you plug it in to just 1 jack that caries the 4 lines ?
the product description says 100ml of each color . all product photos clearly show 60ml containers . what is the truth ?
is the width of the arm rests adjustable ( meaning from side-to-side ) or fixed ? if fixed , how wide is it from the inside edge of each arm ?
does it come with toner ?
stacking on a desk with velcro , are there good edges on the underside ?
is the 20 inch width inside or outside the rails around the top ?
how high is the lip ?
how long does a cartridge last
i have a new dell 23 '' ( about 24 lbs . ) all-in-one computer and want to mount it to a wall - will this product do that ?
how is the quality of the leather ?
does this print 2-sided ?
photo quality ?
can you turn wireless off if you do n't want to use it ?
poor quality scanned photos
is this a wireless printer that will interface with a wifi ?
how do i change paper trays
does it support airprint ?
does it smudge for lefties ?
is the back side finished so the desk does not need to be placed up against a wall ?
how is quality of photos on photo paper ?
is there enough space by each family member to document birth & death dates & location , occupation , military service or another notable information ?
will this work with an iphone 6
do you have to buy an eye fi card ?
what is the largest size negative the wolverine negative tray accept
will these slide trays work with the original f2d ( black ) converter ?
do i have to have plug in or can it be used with batteries only ?
what is the tip point ? bold or medium ?
i loved this scanner . high quality for saving old photos etc . need 30 pin to lightning adapter for ipad air but now ios 8-what 2 do ?
how does the envelope feed work ? do you have to take paper out of the paper tray or is there a separate envelope feeder ?
i 've had this for a couple years . i still can not figure out how to scan multiple pages and save as one document . can anyone enlighten me ?
inkjet printer or laser printer ? what is this ?
what is the adjustable range for the foot rest ?
does this have built in correction tape ?
encrypted call security
is it hearing aide compatable ?
is this blue tooth compatable ?
has anyone used these phones with an ooma telo phone system ? if so , what is voice quality & does incoming caller id function properly ?
how does the image get to your computer ? do you just treat the scanner as a drive and save it that way ?
does the document get saved to the scanner or must have this scanner with usb connection to a computer ?
why does the item shown on image say 'world card pro ' ? but the title listed to sell it say penpower card scanner ? is it a worldcard pro or not ?
does this product have sound ?
does this work well with fountain pens ?
if i need to weigh a 20 '' x20 '' box , would this scale work for that ?
will it cut laminate ? business cards that have been laminated ?
what is the outer diameter of these rolls when full ?
i have two hp pavilion 23xi monitors and want to make sure this will work prior to me purchasing ?
where does the cpu go ?
is this printer comparable with my apple ipad
how do these signs attach to the door or wall ?
do these roll well on hardwood floors or are they a little difficult to roll ?
does it have wheels ?
what is the distance between the top shelves ?
is this paper 100 % tree free ? i know it says 50 % recycled and i was curious what the other 50 % is .
after a while does this shredder break down or does it still work ?
can it print on both sides automatically ?
are these suitable for ag-7 space pen ?
can you put someone on speaker phone ?
how many handsets can you buy seperate for this phone - d3097
is it compatible with my ge model 27881ge2-a phone ?
would you recommend this phone for someone who is hard-of-hearing ?
can you mute or turn off the ringer ?
can you mute ringer
how many envelopes comes in a pack ?
would this support a 29 '' ultrawide in the middle and 2 23 '' monitors on the outsides ?
roughly how many sheets of normal paper can it hold ?
can this printer handle 110lb . cardstock for greeting cards ?
having hard time getting up the stairs . any suggestions ?
google voice
has anyone used this printer with google cloud print ? how well does it work ? update ( 23 dec 12 ) : it seems as if eprint does not support duplex printing including with google cloud print . very unfortunate . though non-duplex google cloud print set-up was pretty easy . has anyone used this printer with google cloud print ? how well does it work ? update ( 23 dec 12 ) : it seems as if eprint does not support duplex printing including with google cloud ... » read more has anyone used this printer with google cloud print ? how well does it work ? update ( 23 dec 12 ) : it seems as if eprint does not support duplex printing including with google cloud print . very unfortunate . though non-duplex google cloud print set-up was pretty easy . « show less
does this hp , fax by phone line ? does this model come in wireless ?
printer-end cable connection ? not std usb 4mm roughly square ? it is rectangle- what cord do i need ?
would this work for a dog ( 7 pounds ) to reach a dog door in a window ?
what are the adjustable heights ?
do i need to order the apple vesa mount adapter kit for imac and led cinema orapple thunderbolt display as well ? or does this come with your product ?
how well does this mouse work in spreadsheets ? i need to get my hands off the desk at work . will this work ?
would this work on a mac laptop with smart notebook ?
i would like to use these for 1 4 '' thick wood name tags . will the adhesive hold well on wood ?
is it blank
i love this printer overall , but when i am making copies on the glass , the machine takes at least 10 seconds to reset . any solutions ?
do these boxes include the hanger bar ?
are the buttons plastic or rubber , and can you store your own formulas ?
is the seat cushion high density ?
are you able to both send faxes and receive faxes ?
how can i help my cartridges last longer ?
i use carriers with my current smith corona laminator which is worn out after 32 years of teaching . thinking abouut this model to get through to retirement.. does this use a carrier cover ? it adds thickness but protects fron glue ruining the rollers . i use carriers with my current smith corona laminator which is worn out after 32 years of teaching . thinking abouut this model to get through to retirement.. does this use a carrier cover ? it adds ... » read more i use carriers with my current smith corona laminator which is worn out after 32 years of teaching . thinking abouut this model to get through to retirement.. does this use a carrier cover ? it adds thickness but protects fron glue ruining the rollers . « show less
do you have to use the key to open every time if using as a stand alone drawer with no printer ?
has anyone tried to refill these cartridges ?
not sure what this is ? do you put extra cartridges in here ?
how long is the cord on the corded handset ?
from the pics it looks like its twist off , hence question : is it twist off ?
ok , so i 'm a total ignoramus ! read the instructions but still do n't know how to install ink cartridges ( no diagram ) ; do n't know terminology ? help !
how tall is the board once put together ?
would these work to help keep clothes protected during shipping ?
compatible with dect 6.0 phone in a dect1580 base ?
does this phone have 1 or 2 lines ?
is this barcode scanner compatible with an ipad as my register ?
dear sir , is this compatible with with my rca 25425 and 25424 ?
is the ms2015 the same as the at & t 1070
is the keypad on either the base unit and or handset have backlighting so you can use in the dark ?
anyone using this with a voip system ?
what battery requiered to keep time stamp ?
how do i check messages remotely ?
does caller id show name along with phone number ?
what is included in the box ?
if i buy and plug in this phone , how do i select which number area code for it ?
is this castillian spanish or latino spanish ?
what 's best to use to write on it ?
will this tray work with any laser jet printer ?
can i turn it on off manually ? or must i use the remote ?
used on what dell cp ?
-what is the thickness of this material ?
will this work with a wireless wi-fi network ( no ethernet ) ?
can i use this with plain paper to transfer image with a power press t-shirt heat press or do i need special heat transfer paper ?
will this cylinder work with a vecta chair that has a 3 4 inch cylinder diameter ?
does the base of the stand have rubber padding on the bottom so it does n't scratch the desktop surface ?
which color ink is compatable ?
what is the diameter of the stem hole in the wheel ?
can i connect a portable hard drive ( toshiba canvio ) via usb and save images on it ?
does it dust and scratch elimination ?
will this work with a digital line ?
what is the mfg part number ?
will anybody please let me know the weight of 1 box x 1000 units ?
does this cartridge tn-750 used in the brother hl-5470dw printer have bad reputation of leakage ?
is this product 110v or 230v rated ?
does anyone know what temperature this can get to ?
can you use other brands of lamination with this machine ? specifically ones that use a carrier ?
do they have handles cut out ?
can i use this with my ipad mini ?
are the corners perforated , to tear off after each week ?
i have 3 voip accounts every account with different providers . can i configure this phone to work with 3 voip accounts lines ?
does anyone know what it weighs empty ?
can this shelf be used without the wheels ? how much height is lost when not using the wheels ( if possible ) ?
does it have an usb slot so you can scan directly to a memory stick ?
augghhh ! i did n't get the quick start manual with the tray , it 's sitting there all pretty under the printer , but no go . any suggestions ?
is this a quiet and fast printer ?
how clear is the speaking voice
what is the size ?
will is use 74xl and 75xl ink cartridges ?
will this pad help stop my chair from rolling backwards when i lean back ?
can i use this printer without connect it to the internet ?
do the negatives auto advance , or do you have to feed in each one ?
what are the output formats for this unit : jpeg , tiff , raw , etc .
when i originally ordered the tn870 online and i put the printer information and it said it was compatiable now i try it and doesnt ?
can you use this to label freezer packages and have it not fall off ?
the document feeder ( multifeeder ) does not select one page at the time ( it feeds the whole stack at once ) . what could i be doing wrong ?
so does it open on one side or two sides ?
color ?
what diameter is the seat ?
does this unit cover nec 2011 ?
does this phone have 1 or 2 lines ? does it have a call forwarding option ?
do these work for canon pixma mg 6120 ?
is the legal pad pocket large enough for a 9x12 pad ?
is this suitable for `` imageclass mf3010 '' ?
i was thinking of using this on top of my desk at work so i can have the option to stand . sitting at work for 8hrs is killing me . would it work well ?
what size of pictures does it print ?
is the top ( where the screen goes ) sturdy enough to support an all-in-one computer ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
the wifi scanner works with the phone ?
i do not have a land line phone . i want to substitute the cell phone for the land line . will this device work and with what obi device
does this printer duplex print ( both sides of paper in one print job ) ?
is this for top tear checks , or side tear checks ?
how many addresses does it hold ?
are these compatible with my canon mx922 ?
does this come with ink ?
is this machine limited to plastic comb binding ? i 'd like to use twin wire binding , can this handle that ?
what type of toner can i use for this printer ?
does this work with macs ?
am i able to fax multiple pages at once ( up to 50 pages to one fax number at a time ? is this able to send and receive faxes using a telephone line ?
will this work on a mac computer
can we get a demo video to show me this exact item please ?
is it 220 110 volt ?
what is the melting point ?
i have been told by an ink refill store lexmark has added microchips and is n't possible , anyone know ?
does it has legs ?
is this ink pigment based or dye based ?
i have a home office , i need to print black white , then color , then an envelope.. can this printer do that ?
will printer work if photo paper tray is pushed all the way in or if removed , so that there is more room when handling the regular paper tray ?
will it work for card stock ?
can it work without batteries ? can i plug it in ?
how does its scientific calculator work ?
is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them . these type of electronic dictionaries try to do too much is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them . these type of electronic ... » read more is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them .
i bought this shredder a few weeks ago through amazon and noticed that it is cutting strips 2 inches long which i can clearly read . is this normal ?
how easy is the shredder to maintain ? applying oil ?
does this phone have a battery back up ? will i be able to use it if the power goes out ?
i have few questions & appreciate your help : is this phone unlocked ? does it work in iraq ? work on wifi ? is there speed dial function ?
how do i place the paper on the outer tray to send a fax face up or face down
this can be connected to a phone line ?
how far away from the wall does this printer need to be ?
is the ink cartridge ( s ) included ?
doest it have an ethernet access , where ? once is connected and installed shows up in the network scanners ?
will these work with mcf-j4700w ?
does the lc103bk work in the j875dw ?
will this work with a brothers business smart series mfc-j47100w ?
how long of shelf life does the 107bk , 105c , y , m cartridges have ? curious
is the original hp warranty valid ?
can this sign be seen through a window ?
has anyone used this in an outdoor setting ?
how do you set the clock so the time is always showing ?
does it scan slides ?
can anyone tell me if the base width ( wheel to wheel ) is the same width as the table top of 24 '' ?
what refills do i order for this pen ?
does the printer come with a spindle ?
can the sheet feeder be completely removed ( to save space ) if you only intend to print on the 24 '' roll ?
what are the dimensions ? is it the size of a normal clipboard , or is it pocket size ?
what are the dimensions of this calendar ?
is it pocket size ? will it fit in jeans pockets ?
does it have place on both ends for drivers license ?
i have back issues and need a really comfortable chair . is this chair comfortable for sewing ?
how tall is this cabinet ?
is it compatible with mac os ?
what are the measurements for actual ink portion ?
does it have a working bulb in it ?
how easy is it to turn pages ?
i have a ml-2165w xac . will this cartridge work ?
does it work with 6plus ?
how many needles come with it ?
is this product usefull to wrap the luggage and dispacht it in the airport ?
are ink and paper included ?
where can i find the instruction manual for this calculator ?
did the swingline start smoking ?
can it handle staples ?
can it shred unopened junk mail ?
spiral bound ?
is this item compatible with an hp 6500 e709n ?
how tall ?
is it compatible with windows 8 only , or windows 8 as well ?
has anyone compared this to thefujitsu scansnap ix500 scanner for scanning photos ?
is this for epson xp 850 printer ?
will the scanner operate with 10 ft usb cable ?
is the xp-850 an `` air printer '' - so it automatically will print from an ipad ?
does his come with a converter ?
i have a scx-3405w will it work ?
i have the mfc 8710dw.. the toner is brother tn750 toner cartridge . is tyours going to be compatible with mine ?
how long is your refill ? why do n't any refill mfrs provide this information ?
is there a tray to catch the output pages ?
i assume there was assembly required ? was assembly relatively simple and easy ?
what refill for ink cartridges for epson xp-300 ? at walmart they asked if it was 68 or 69 model ? what does this mean ?
are starter toners provided with the priter ? what are their expected yield pages ?
i purchased another stand here , made by mount-it and the two sides is about 1 2 lower . wondering if this one sits the same . hoping its even across
does it use cartridges
does it print envelopes without jamming ?
what comes in the box ?
which flash memory card works with this device ?
will these work ok in an x8350 ?
is this system expandable ?
are the pages alphabatized
will it work with a clx 3170 printer and has the chip been hagd so that the printer recognises the cartridge and accepts it .
do these rolls have end of roll indicator to let you know when the rolls are running low ?
can you successfully print on this paper using an inkjet or laser printer ?
putting aside iphone and ipads , will it work with mavericks os ?
does this system have 2 lines ?
is this ink with chip at the bottom or you need a chip frame
do these come with arc chips ?
if i get h2d handset i can direct all calls on line 2 to that handset only . can i direct all calls on line 1 away from that handset ?
does this have a zip-loc at the top to secure the id inside ?
what would you say the negatives about this product are ? did you like how the height can adjust ? is it stable at all the different adjustments ?
will it tahe a scand disk card , will it do photos
this is n't a true laser printer right ? so do i need laser paper or just standard printer paper ?
can you disable the missed call notification ?
how many times can i use this stamp before i have to refill the ink ?
this item use battery ?
is this printer capable of printing on envelopes ? what is the thickest paper you can put in there ?
has anyone used this on eyebrow or liner pencils ... that 's what i 'd be using it for
does this work for the canon imageclass mf4880dw ?
is this 7 1 2 in tall and 12 in wide
this package contains : 2 replacement toner cartridge & drum to replace brother dr400 tn460 toner cartridges & drum ( 1 toner , 1 drum ) . which is it
is this plotter software mac compatible ?
i print coupon . how many pages should i be able to print per cartridge ?
if line one is being used and a secondary person picks it up , will it interrupt that call or automatically go to line 2 with a dial tone ?
i do n't believe this printer actually has wireless capabilities as the title indicates . please confirm .
is this printer good with photos ?
can this mfp feed scan old-school traditional photos ? e.g . a stack of 5x7 's developed and printed on real kodac photo paper ?
is this printer good with printing photos ?
is this scanner compatible with the ecopy application ?
i have one of the new hp all in one computers , will this printer be campatible with the computer . i
is there a usb port
will this terminal accept the remote pin pad from my verifone vx510
will it work for wf-2540 with 200i and 200 cartridges ?
is it compatible with windows xp ?
can i do the refill of the toner with my own ink power ?
how difficult was the c1765nf mfp color laser printer to set up ? how expensive is this to operate ? do you need a land line to operate the fax ?
can you print directly to this printer from a kindle fire or kindle fire hd ?
can you print documents using just the black ink cartridge , leaving all the color ones out ?
is ths user friendly for one with limited tech knowledge ?
can you order more pages ?
i have a canon pixma mx922 printer . this will for sure fit in the tank ?
how many photo sheets do you print approximately with all new cartridges ?
is the wood unfinished ?
just got this today , which side should goes up ?
i purchased one of these barcode scanners and it came with no instructions as to how to set it up .
can this register run on batteries instead of plugging in if necessary ?
will the black one work with optical mice ?
will this fit an 8610 ? how is it added to the printer ?
how well does it sharpen colored pencils ?
i want to primarily print in black and white . if one of the other color inks is empty , are you still able to continue printing in black and white ?
i was wondering if the little plastic covering the nozzle hole has to be removed before installing ?
are there any hooks included ?
i only have an ipad and iphone . will it work with either or must it be a pc or mac ?
is the `` open '' & `` closed '' on the same board or 2 separate boards ? do you hang by suction cups or by chain ?
the product include a chip ?
what pin connector does it use ?
what kind of batteries does it use ?
would an ipad 2 ( slightly bigger and thicker than the newer 'air ' versions ) fit in the pocket ?
is the clipboard side of the folder hard like a regular clipboard or does it just have the clip attached at the top with no board so it 's flexible ?
if i put a stack of ones and there is an extra five somewhere in the middle , can the machine stop when it reaches the five dollar bill ?
does this fit my canon mx922 ?
what is the per copy cost ( both black & white and color ) ?
do i need an internet connection to use this printer ?
aside from the gvmate ( $ 24.95 ) do you have to pay to download the gvmate app ?
why does this edition sell for so much less than the regular ti-84 plus silver , which it is supposedly more advanced than ?
what is the power rating and can it be used on any gsm net work apart from at & t and t mobile ?
how long did it take to receive your order
does all cables and extras include in this package ? how do you set it up ? does it require any extra item for it to work besides ipad ?
are the pages pre dated ? and are there blank pages to make a list of companies with contact info , etc ?
this item can wirelessly connect to a pc , but can i scan documents straight from the scanner to a folder on a network drive ( nas ) attached to a lan ?
does this pen have internal memory & battery ? can it work independent of a computer ? or does it work only if connected by bluetooth usb to a comp ?
what is the wall thickness of the cardboard ?
how many ink cartridges ?
will it melt if hot coffee mug or plate put on it ?
how many lps does it hold ?
how big is the box ?
is it compatible with this this printer : ricoh 405750 aficio sg 3110dn geljet color and b w printer
what gauge needle is this ?
will this ink tank fit the canon 922 ?
is it garanteed it works on all mentioned models ?
the screen appears to be in chinese . can an englisher speaking person use this device not knowing chinese ?
is this product a beachwood look ... not solid white
does this work on digital phone line and does it have to connect via ethernet ?
does an xbox work with this monitor ?
does this work with 110 negatives ?
is it possble to tear the backing paper with the stickers on it , or would you have to use scissors to cut it apart ?
do these pens smear ?
what are the dimensions ?
how many copies might it last for ?
i 'm new at this ... ..does `` replacement '' mean `` compatible '' ? where do they manufacture these ?
are these cartridges going to work in my b210 photosmart all in one ?
if an employee misses a punch , is there a way for a manager to correct edit it ?
i want to use this on the road in various settings , how much do all the models weigh ?
extended warranty
when a photo document is scanned does it go into one folder or a 100 different folders ? can you tell it which folder to save into ?
i have read the product manual and i still ca n't determine what additional cables i need to get this projector to mirror with my ipad 2 .
i am 6'7 '' and the right keyboard height for me when standing is about 20 '' above the desk surface . what is the maximum height for the keyboard ?
will this item function in a 220v ( europe ) environment ?
does this printer have a paper tray that will fit multiple sheets of legal sized paper ?
will this work with the 7110 wide format ?
is it possible to make dvds from this machine ? if yes , how is it done ?
does this really fit the mfc-8710dw model ?
are these included in the 24 packs they sell as sets or are these seperate colors
why should i buy this ? what makes it worth $ 5+ ? what is the difference between other pencils ?
i am 5'4 '' will this work for me or be too tall ?
good i wonder if the tool used to release featuring bands samsung ? or just repair software ?
is the frame actually wood ?
does this incude the base ?
what are the dimensions of the fob ? the ring diameter ?
do you need to have phone service to use the video from the doorbell or do you have to have phone service for the system to work ?
is there a dial pad on the handset
would these fit an underwood champion ?
is this the same as the essentials kit from pantone.com ? same books ? and if i can also download free the color manager software ?
can i print via usb cable ?
does it blink ?
what is the voltage please ? is it 220v- 240v ?
does this product help reduce how often the laptop fan needs to run ?
the dimensions in the description seem wrong . what are the measurements ? will it fit front to back on a 10 '' deep shelf ?
how far is the range ? could i put a base it in a pole barn ?
can this label printer be used to directly print from paypal and usps ( without using the software it comes with ?
does this have pass through capability for envelopes or thicker stocks ?
can i get a drum just for a black ink tonor cartridge replacement ?
i really need it to be able to scan in pretty good quality and email in pdf . is machine doing a decent job on scaning ? th
will it print on 11x17 paper ?
can the base set be mounted on a wall or is it only designed to be used on a desk top surface ?
is it wireless ?
what all comes with this ?
does the usb cable need to be purchased seprately ?
do the key and display backlights on the base stay lit during a power outage ?
will a 10 mil butterfly pouch work in this at all ?
i want to set up 3 or 4 lines for outgoing calls . i 'm a little confused about how the obi200 can run four services , with only one jack .
does this printer have document auto feed ?
does the 3512 do multi-page scans into a single file ?
what are the dimensions ?
does this come with a carrier pouch ?
can someone tell me which stake , specifically , works with this ?
does it include the monitor stand ? if not , do you know where i can find one like the one in the picture ?
is there a refill of r 20
is this a wireless printer , can i use it on my mac laptop ?
jam
is it compatible with mac ?
does my computer need to have a cd dvd drive in order to install and setup the printer or can be done without one ?
is that the vonage vdv22-vd ?
will this run acbateries or ac current
how fast does the ink run out if you have just filled the pen ?
do they come with envelopes ?
will a second pendant call the same two numbers as the first or could we program the second with a different two numbers ?
does toner include ?
how do you reset the toner cartridges ?
does a usb cable come with this ?
are the pencils refillable ?
are these really for 2013 and 2014 - seems like most of the time is past
it this planner have like a small number on each line on the writing section ?
what are the dimensions ?
is it a pure white ?
what size is each sheet ?
how is the speaker on this phone ?
hello continuous ink system brings including ? how to cc ?
what are the cartridges called ?
what ink may i use for it ? thx .
will this work on an underwood model 12 ?
for 1 book !
can mom and dad communicate with each other , if he she is upstairs and the other downstairs ?
is this a screw off cap ?
can the vinyl that comes with this cutter be used for truck lettering and if so , how long does it withstand the weather ?
what size is it ?
what are the height , depth , width of scanner
will this scale weigh gemstones that are under 1 carat ?
i ordered this , it arrived with nothing but keys and a cord attached . my pos system does not regconize it . please help .
does this come with under counter brackets and if not where do we order these ?
can you turn the ringers off from the base of the phone ?
is phone a wireless phone ?
is it work for spiral ?
is this epson ink ? or is it different brand of ink ?
can this handset be used with the yealink w52p base ?
how many sheet can we cut at a time ?
can it be set up to print from a pc and also from an imac ?
does this come with a bearing kit ?
is this scanner compatable with square app and ipad ?
dose this count the money also ?
can you put a logo on the wallets ?
does this actually have a logo already engraved onto the metal plate ?
how long of a shelf life does it have ?
are there bottoms to the drawers or only the hanging file rails with an open bottom ?
i am assuming the hp prime graphing calculator is programable . is it ? if it is , how much memory does it have available for users programs ?
does this printer have scan and fax ? which ones do ?
what is the font size ?
lost the usb transmitter . how to obtain replacement - not on genius website .
how long will this shredder run before it starts overheating ?
does this fit jinhao 250 stainless steel gold trim fountain pen - medium ?
i need a cover for day timer 5 1 2 x 8 1 2 . is day timer and day runner the same ? where can i find just covers ?
are these refillable ?
is it true that you have to change out all your canon cartridges and not mix some of them with some of these ?
do these cartridges have the small lights that let you know they are installed properly like the oem cartridges do ?
it looks same with montblanc starwalker . is that pen a fake version of montblanc starwalker ?
is the picture generic because january 1st , 2014 , is a wednesday , not a sunday .
how does it hang ? we live in a town home with no nearby trees- would it hang from a balcony ? or could i put the sensor in between a window and screen ?
in the phrase `` portable and usb powered '' , what does portable mean ? battery operated ?
please could somebody tell me whether the pages are lined , or whether they are blank .
does this machine connect to your bank account ?
does it come with a liner ?
are they bracelet sized ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
if i buy this device , will it remain mine if i choose to discontinue using phonpower in the future ?
does it have a non flashing mode ?
i need to know how deep it sits . low is good : it 's for my petite gma . will she be able to sit in it comfortably without a cushion behind her ?
are there any blank pages for notes in the back ?
how durable is the cover and binding of this item ?
i received a vupoint printer model ip-p25-vp and ca n't seem to find the replacement cartridge anywhere . is this particular cartridge compatible also ?
what year is this calendar for ?
why is this one $ 22 and one just like this one for $ 36
it says the size is 7.25 x 8.93 x .25 inches ... ... does that mean that the thickness is 1 4 inch ? is n't that kinda skinny ?
picture shows one mo.per page . discription says 3mo.per page . which one is correct ?
does the book lay flat when open ?
does this come in some kind of holder or is it just the pad ?
what color is the ink on the calendar , in the picture it appears to be pink ?
does this include a day schedule as well as the monthly planning ?
why are there 7 hole punches ?
are the days of the week across the top sunday - saturday ? or monday -sunday ?
i am unable to locate the type binder i have , dimensions match these , do pages have 7 holes ?
how much ink is actually in the pack ? do the pens have ink in them so 9 ?
is this scanner compatible with mac os x ?
does this come with the monthly planning tabs ?
is this the `` compact '' size ?
i have the oem cartridges that came with my hp laserjet pro 200. when you order this pack is there a label included to mail back used cartridges ?
does anyone know if i can buy and or place an extra fine nib to these pens ?
does this agenda have pages with times pre-printed for each day to enter your appointments ?
how fast is this microcut shredder vs a crosscut ? i.e .
i want to use these albums to hold my postcard collection using my own 8.5 x 11 pages . how many pages will each album hold ?
is this double sided ?
how is the sound quality on a scale of 1 to 5 with 5 being very clear ?
do you think a 10lb 27 '' ( diagnol ) monitor on this will be stable ?
i have a day runner planner . does anyone know if these will fit in the day runner -- same page size ?
can i request colors ?
canon pixma mg5420 ink
can this be opened so i could possibly paint over the stripes ?
will it print wireless
does this work for printing instagram pics ?
how many pages does the document feeder hold ?
does this have a bypass tray ?
is this printer compatible with windows 8 ?
is the flatpage 2.1 digital page flattening included with this scanner on amazon ?
is it compatible with a mac ?
does this stand have the capability to hold a 15 pound , 29 inch monitor ?
got one used-like new ( amazon prime ) . over 12 hrs charging still no display . hearing 2 tones ascending chromatically . help ?
has anyone else experienced the ( what i 'll call jagged edges rips ) that brian mentioned ( on 1 8 15 ) ?
is there a way to repeat ?
can i send orders to print something wirelessly from my lap top to the printer and if so from how far away
does this device have an intercom function ?
will the device work on gm cars and is all power denied to the device when switched off ?
does this phone have caller id for waiting calls ?
how tall does this stand ? can it be used as a standing desk tall enough on its own ?
what were your printing needs and its longevity ?
i am still unclear about which size to purchase ! i have a 17 '' laptop and i must have use of my mouse ! do i buy a mouse size or a large ? help .
is the lip on the end holding the laptop in place , padded on the top ( where you would rest your wrists ) ?
is this printer , samsung c460fw compatible with windows 8.1 ?
how can i check how much toner is remaining on my mac ? when i try to check the level like my other printers , it says , `` information not available '' .
help me to decide , this or ti nspire cx cas ?
is there a pocket on both sides for the removable binder or can it only fit on the right hand side ?
does this work with a kindle fire hdx ?
hi . can this chair be assembled without the arms ?
from the series of pictures , it appears that the back can be tilted with the seat staying flat and then it can tilt the back and seat as a unit . true ?
i needed to know if this does multiple page scanning up to 30 pages ?
does this work for cell phones ?
does anyone know how to keep it from wasting 1 inch of tape everytime i print out a 1 1 2 inch label ?
does this have a monthly page as well ?
what color is this scanner please ?
will this fit on my vehicle 's rearview mirror ?
would my ipad air fit in the compartment with its survivor case on it or will it only fit a `` naked '' tablet ?
is the paper lined
why does the doxie flip look just like the flip-pal but have a different name ? are they made by the same company ? tell me why i should buy the doxie f
can you read the ad from both sides of the flag ?
if i purchase this do i call my landline phone company to cancel their service after setup ? what if i want to transfer my old phone number ?
i just hooked mine up to the computer but can not figure out how the scanner works ? can anyone explain to me in plain , simple english ?
is the paper supply stored completely inside the machine , out of site ? if not , where does the paper stick out ?
will this print from a tablet or cell phone ?
is there an expiration date for this ?
do you have an icc profile for an epson wf7510 ?
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
so , if you use your fingerprint how do you identify who it belongs to ?
when printing envelopes , do they exit from the front where you put them in or do they exit the back of the machine ?
does this printer print envelopes ?
what is the size of the wallets ?
can the ooma linx devices be used for remote users ? ( eg someone working from a separate location than where the base station is )
does the cover fold all the way back flat ? comfortably ?
american product or malaysian ?
does this reader work with windows 7 ?
can you still print in black and white if you run out of color ink ?
does it scan in duplex from the flatbed glass ? what about oversize or thick items ? is there hinge flexibility to accommodate thick items for flatbed ?
does it need an sd card ? and , if so , does it come with it ?
does this case turn off the ipad when you close it ? in other words , is it a smart cover ?
on amazon the ooma with no wireless + the wireless adapter add up to less $ than this unit . is there a reason to buy this one ?
how many pages lc101 will print ?
has anyone used this as a stand alone copier ? did it work well in that capacity ?
has anyone use bulk ink and a refill kit to replenish the ink ?
could you set chairs on top of this or would that destroy the foam tile ?
this claims that chalk pen ink can be easily wiped off . is this true ?
is this scanner twain compatible ?
can you set this up to default to an a4 paper size ( 8.267 '' x 11.692 '' ) ?
does it scan passports ?
can this product be used as a breast feeding support foot stool ?
ca n't seem to get the software to install properly on w 8.1. any suggestions ?
is this compatible with the wf 2530 ?
will the printer actually give me anything but `` cartridge is not installed correctly . ''
is it easy to turn pages ?
can this machine produce .jpg or .tff files ?
is this printer compatible with window 8.1 ?
are the casters and shelf removable ?
does it come with 4 toners , or do i have to buy separately ?
does it print on card stock without getting jammed ?
i tried to install a replacement toner but the cartridge would not fit . now i ca n't even get the original cartridge to fit . any suggestions ?
can the stylus be replaced with a red pen refil so you have 2 pens and a pencil ( no stylus ) ? if so , do you sell a red pen refill ?
is this really white or a cream color ?
will this work with legal sized files ?
do i have to be connnected to internet for this printer to work ?
when there is a low ink alert , can i choose to ignore it and print until it is actually out of ink ?
does this have the peel bar roller that automatically separates the label from the backing when it prints ?
is there a tare button ?
are this cartridges `` normal '' size ? does ink bay door close normally ?
what is the toner yield ?
will this work with elegant desk embosser - gold ?
we purchased these with our mfc-j450dw , they do not work ! this is a business office and we ca n't even use our machine that is 1 week old . solution ?
could i use this for canon pixma mg3120 ?
20 $ for dozen ? or only one pencil ?
apple compatible
how do you oil the blades , can you use regular lubricating oil ?
is this chair 36 x 48 mat rectangular ? or does it have what they call a `` lip '' ( ie . cut out on one side ?
the user manual was misplaced . can i get another ? if so , how ?
i want to use them on fabric the type that when u iron the fabric it erases the lines ... will these do that ?
does it have faxing capabilities ?
is this a basket shift ( typebars move up and down to capitalize ) or carriage shift ( platen rubber roller moves up and down ) typewriter ?
do you have to assembled it yourself ?
can i punch holes ( 3 hole punch ) in them and have it still stick to the paper ?
is it possible to change the positions of the mounts on this stand ?
how far back does it tilt ?
can this chair be used without the arms ?
good days , does this one serve him like to help to the series kx-tg93xx that also is 2 telephonic lines ?
it appears to be very tight for a laptop , correct . the dimensions is only 7.5 '' from front to back ?
what are the dimensions
is this fit macbook pro 13 inch ?
it all worked great until i had to get a new tower . it now copies okay but the `` box '' that came up on screen to tel it to scan now wont come up ?
does it work in the mac environment ?
what paper weights
will this work with galaxy tab 3 10.1 p5210 ?
will it hold the scotch tape rolls ?
what are the tabletop dimensions ?
does base phone work if power is off ?
are these weather waterproof ?
can the print head be removed for external cleaning purposes ?
do papers contents get wet or mildew mold on them when closed in this safe ?
will you send sell me the desk edge mounting bracket ( if you have loose ones ) so i can test mount .
i have 50 year old slides that have faded . is it worth trying to convert them and restore ? would this tool help or are there better ways ?
will this work with d5200 with no issues ?
can you scan multiple pages and save it as a single pdf document ?
it works in venezuela ?
if i want to end a phone call , is there a button on the headset that i can click or do i need to click the `` end call '' button on my phone ?
the picture on amazon shows a window in the photo-black cartridge . do all of the cartridges have a window that shows the ink level ?
has anyone used these with a workforce 2540 and they worked ?
do they come with wheels ?
what is a poe splitter ?
it looks like relatively thin plastic . if i wanted to make it shorter ( sacrificing one of the folders ) could simply i cut it with a pair of scissors ?
can i cut wax paper with this cutter ?
can you confirm this has intercom capabilities ?
will it work with a tablet
has anyone tried these in a mfc- j870dw multi printer and how do they fare ?
these definitely wo n't ruin my printer ? thx
how can i change the pen refill ? and where can i buy the refill ?
i know it says its not recommended for the apple 27 in monitor , but is anyone using it successfully with this monitor ?
does it cause or help backache ?
does this have bluetooth
what are the dimensions of this shredder ?
can the chair arms be left off ?
is this compatible with ringcentral ?
say i want to copy or scan 10 documents , will it automatically feed the 10 documents or do i have to manually feed each one individually ?
does it have fax ?
how many ink refills does it need ? i am seeing 5 different products it 's compatible with . does that mean i need to buy all 5 ink re-fills ?
is this a fine tip pen
has anyone had problems with their printer not recognizing the replacement cartridges ?
can a traditional extension connect to this ?
what is the compatibility with mac osx , especially scanning , with both 10.6.8 snow leopard and 10.10 yosemite ?
the system works with an epson wf 2660 ?
is the lg pocket photo 2 pd239 compatible with iphone 4 ?
what is the weight capacity this cart can hold ?
110v power works ?
will this device work with an android htc phone ?
windows 8.1 compatible ?
can you install and operate different software with the hardware system ?
how many rubberbands ( average ) are in the pack for the $ 11.98 ?
is there a weight capacity ?
how are scans transferred to computer [ laptop ] other than sd card ?
does this work with the iphone ?
we ordered these for a wf-3640 . will these work for this style printer ?
what are the dimensions of the shredder ?
can this be used with an android tablet ?
does this model have a handset locator option at the base ?
does it work in europe . is it 120 only 240 as well ?
does it have headset capabilities ?
i noticed this phone uses batteries instead of plugging into wall electricity , how often do you have to change batteris
i 've never used a pen lke this before . will you tell me how to putthis pen together & i have cartidges but i do n't know how to put it all together ?
is it mac ios compatible ?
are the dimensions listed ( 9.9 x 3 x 6.2 inches ) for the phone itself or the packaging ?
this printer will have to fit under a cabinet . what is the height of the printer with the top tray fully extended upward ?
what is the page yield of the black cartridge for regular text pages ?
is this mac compatible ?
can this printer print copies of the bible ?
what is the dimension of the upper tray in the middle , front to back ?
what are the dimensions of canon lbp6200d ?
is what elglenn 6-29-2014 ( below ) said true about color slides transferring from sd card showing up as negatives in cmptr ?
can it print avery labels ?
does it auto-feed 11x17 and how is the feeding reliability overall ?
paper sizes ? 11 x 14 ?
can i scan multiple documents with the automatic document feeder or do i have to place each sheet on the scanner one by one ?
if i only use black ink , will this printer be compatible ?
do the handset units attach to wall ?
