what do you use to write on the leaves that can be wiped off ?
approximately how many papers can it hold in each pocket .
is this a pocket chart or just some cards for a daily schedule ?
i am assuming that this sits on top of the desk without falling over ?
i 'm wondering about the line spacing . how many lines on a page ? is it more like a wide rule or college rule journal ?
does anyone have photos of the inside ? just wondering how the pages are laid out - how many days per page , room for writing , etc .
is the paper thick or thin ? will marker bleed through ( specifically copic markers ) ?
does it have the ability to highlight verses ? does it have a place you can keep a record of your favorite verses ?
what is the size of one cube ?
i am missing all the days of the week and number one for the calendar . is there anyway i can purchase items individually ?
you say it is a regular book binding but is it hard cover or paperback ?
how big in inches is this calendar when opened up ?
where was it made ?
ok , so how do you print a backslash on this thing ?
since it comes with installed batteries , a bad idea in my opinion , has anyone had to replace them right away ?
size
is the display easy to read without picking the calculator up ?
is the age that important
does the calculator have a manual ?
what is the paper pound ?
will this cartridge work with the canon pc 170 copier ?
which one is from the above ?
is this thermal fax machine and can use thermal fax paper for receiving fax
should i buy it ?
does this work for a hp desk jet 940 c ?
what is the weight of this paper ?
once i put my medicare card in one of these pouches , can i get the card out ?
which type of battery is required to this calculator ?
are the buttons soft touch or hard plastic ?
how does it work at filling in employment question forms ?
do the keys work correctly ?
does this allow for typing in german ?
do you think this tape will hold a gopro camera to a motorcycle helmet ?
is it waterproof ?
will this tape hold to the elements , rain or shine , on decor mounted to a ford mustang ? specifically the window covers ?
about how many sheets will each individual slot hold ?
does it matter what type of printer you use to print these ?
will these labels work in a seiko smart label printer ?
what the `` weight '' of these is ? are they close to a heavier business card weight or somewhere between regular printer paper and card stock ?
is this the label that when you peel it from the backing there is still white unused label above and below the part you printed on and removed ?
are n't there 30 separate sheets ? how does `` perforated '' work with these pages ?
can i print on both sides with this paper ?
can a laptop be used on it ? mine has a 9 '' x 13 '' footprint so it seems it would fit but would the 4lb weight be too much ?
is this one 110v or 220v ?
does it need to be plugged in into electical outlet ?
does this come with the cord ?
does it translate to from spanish ?
is this a remanufactured cartridge or an origional ?
does this come with a charger ?
what size paper used , weight and is it powered by electricity .
what is the exp date on hp 11a printhead the box .
is this made in china ?
would this work on laser ( color ) printer ?
memory ? i bought one this year and it has memory even after turning off , but i bought another this week and it does n't retain a number . has anyone experienced this ?
how do you program phone numbers on this phone ?
is the paper size the same a4 size ?
does it come with memory capability ?
can you write on it with a # 2 pencil and have good results ?
this machine is een purchase for an impaired vision can he plalce a letter on the glass and it will be magnified on a screen so that he can read ?
when you retrie voice mail , does the date time stamp also include the called from phone number ?
does it work if you get your phone service through a cable company ? anything special need to be done ?
is the product new and in original packaging ?
that day expires ?
does this phone have an external electric cord that must be plugged into an outlet ?
can you us this with a laser jet printer ?
will you guarantee that the cartridge will not be past the expiration date ?
what are the expiration dates of your 27 black cartridges ?
is there a hookup for an adaptor , or are you stuck with the batteries ?
does it display caller id ?
what is the maximum scanable size in inches ? can it at least scan an entire 8.5 '' x 11 '' page ?
is the toner included , ? or i have to buy separately ?
can these labels be used on dvds ?
will product 98107 work with windows 7 & 8 ?
is the printout dual color ?
does it fold up flat to fit in a backpack easily ?
what are the overall dimensions of the riser 's top ?
does it make photos look like disposable cameras do ?
is this like the old ti 92 qwerty graphing calculator ? my old ti92 calculator finally broke and i am in desperate need to replace it . does this voyage model replace the old ti 92 ? i mean ... .is it just as good or even better than my old one ?
my printer jams with these . if yours does n't , what printer do you have ?
i plug my hp laptop into a docking station-it 's about 3 '' high ; would it fit under the shelf ?
does the tray tilte ?
can you run afterburner click 'n design on windows 7 or 8 ?
can the ink catridge ( selphy kp-108 ) be seperately purchased , without paper ?
do i need a poe switch with this phone or is it built in ?
what operating system is it compatible with ?
what are the dimensions ?
what weight is the oil as i can possibly use it for other applications ?
can 3x3 post it notes fit in any of the compartments ?
does this have to be attached to the wall or can it stand alone ?
whats the smallest size of spline can use 3 16 ? can one do the 8 1 2 side of the paper ?
can this cut cardboard ?
does this have a space for email addresses ?
are there uppercase letters and lowercase letters , or just uppercase ?
can i put my a4 paper in the time clock instead of punch card ?
is this run by electric ?
can this be wall mounted ?
will it fit inside a 12 by 12 safe ?
does this product come with the manila files that are inside the box ? are there dividiers inside the box ?
what is the gauge of these pages , i.e . 6.5 ?
dry erase
are these plastic sleeves top loadin ?
what are the dimensions
does this timeclock print the date on the timecard as well as the day of the week ?
which pen refills can i buy for this telescopic pen ?
i heard that this chair pad has a chemical smell . is this true ?
having a terrible time w achilles trade . connect buy : may i please specify a red & a blue in an order for 2 ?
will this smear if used on a color laser printer ?
does it work on the ipad mini ?
will this refill work with an old paper mate deluxe powerpoint ?
i have a zebra f-301 ( 0.7mm refill ) will a 1.6mm refill work in my pen ?
is this skrip ink ?
does this one have a tip-saver feature that prevents over-sharpening ?
is it a number 2 pencil
is this a pack of pencil or just one
i know that prismacolour pencils used to be made in the usa but are these ?
are these good to use when you do woodburning on bags , water paper etc ?
how many lines does it have for an address ?
will this work to hang name tags on school lockers ?
come with paper ?
there are several different listings of the same erasers from the same papermate seller , but a different cost ? what is the difference between them ?
anyone knows if the eraser will erase the ball point ink marks ?
what if you accidentally get a sharpie mark on your skin ? will it stick like a tattoo ?
what is the dimension of the eraser ?
does this stapler open up so you can staple flat on a bulletin board ?
are they made in usa ?
i there anyway to adjust the stapler ?
how do you reload the stapler ?
the description says it will fold 3 pages at a time , and up to 24lb paper . do you think it would handle one piece of 80lb paper ?
is this the correct tape for the brother ml 300 electric typewriter .
how do you set the time , date , year , etc .
do lumpy items stored in pockets pens disrupt the writing surface at all ? do you have to write on lumps ?
what is the actual paper stock ?
can i use this paper to print business cards ?
is this cart 100 % aluminum ?
how many boxes are included ?
can you enter secure data ( such as passwords ) and use a password so no one else can see the info you entered ?
can they be cut to size ? meaning if i want to laminate something 8.5x5.5 , can i cut the product in half and laminate both pieces separately ?
are they clear plastic or the `` cloudy '' `` canvas '' type of plastic ?
how easily do the pages erase ?
i am assuming that these are blank with nothing printed on them ?
is this white or clear like transparent ? i need a clear one that 's usually used to cover the bottom top of a small perfume package ?
can this also be use with a hook lanyard ?
i want stickers of this size to hide something . can you see through them when covering something of a dark color ?
i do n't have a landline at all -- will this still work ?
do these envelopes print in a laser printer without any crumbling of the envelope ?
what is product number for ink replacement for sharp el-1801 calculator ?
dimensions what are the dimensions of this stand ? how wide ? how long ?
how do i open it
will this paper fit sharp er-a420 register ?
so i am not to familiar with this cartridge or the camera for i am trying to find it for my dad . is this particular cartridge for the kodak easy c633 ?
will this be effective on carpet ?
how do you get the old eraser out and put the new one in ?
3.5 x 6.6 x 7.3 inches . i have booklet that is 7 '' wide . is this rack 6.6 or 7.3 inches wide ?
how wide is this stand ?
what type of phone do you use as the extensions ?
also , once in place are these protectors top loading or side loading ?
does this printer require a disc ?
is it compatible with win7 ?
has anyone used this successfully on glass ? if so , would it stick to warm or cold glass ?
is thus trimmer really precise ?
what colors does it come in ?
does this product have the feather-edge ?
is it glossy on both sides ?
do these leave a pool of fluid at the end of your highlighting streak ? specifically , on regular notebook paper and textbook ( glossy ) pages ?
is there also the option to have no message printed , and just print the date only ?
is it 2-sided or 3-sided opening ?
i 'm looking for some way to hole punch print outs to go in a mini binder ( 8 1 2 '' by 5 1 2 '' ) . i 'm ok with extra holes . will this meet my needs ?
will this fit over a door and still allow it to close ?
works with 1 2 inch wide 3 inch core tape ( 3m 600 ) ?
is this a continuous feed pringer
is this glossy on both sides ?
how many toner come ? just one or two ?
is this printer compatible with windows 7 ?
does this have voicemail ?
are there any princess phones made by another company , one that does not have cancer causing chemicals
can i just buy the handset ?
what is the distance between the bottom shelf and the keyboard tray ? also , how far out does the keyboard tray extend ? tia !
does the paper work well for fountain pens ?
is it quad ruled or only straight ruled lines
what is the length of these paperclips ?
could i use this to cut card stock ( say three sheets of the thickness of index cards ) ?
how do you turn off the display when the machine is off ?
is this easy enough for kids ?
so which is it : usb connector or female serial ? description says either or
does it calculate present value ?
11-12-13 ?
what is the expiration date on these ?
will it work with windows 8.1 professional
can one person assemble this ?
does this item have the warning for materials that can cause cancer ?
what is the purpose of the holes ? reduced weight ?
how bright is the red color ?
compatible with windows 8.1 ?
can the sound be amplified for incoming phone calls ?
will this fit casio hr-100tm calculators ?
what type of warranty comes with this printer ?
what does this printer comes with ? cords at least ... ? anything wrong with the printer ?
i measured the tapes that i have without dispensers ... ... they are 2 inches , not 3 , will this work for them ?
will these cartriges come sealed in individual packages and in the original lexmark red black box ?
does it come with the official montblanc box ?
multiple lines
purchased this unit why ca n't i print photos inserted sd cardnd light comes on and goes off please help
is this a sliding drawer
clearance between legs
what is the stand made of ? metal , heavy plastic ?
does the mouse pad swing away or under the bracket ?
where is it made
why are there 3 slots for ink , but manual list 4 cartridges ?
can you not install handle ?
does it use a lot of ink ? is there a battery in the printer
is this appropriate for a 12 year old ?
i noticed this pen comes in many colors . is the one sold here silver as in the picture shown ?
does the nib bent slightly when it first arrived ?
i 've heard there is the possibility of labels fading 6-12+ months after printing . has anyone had issues with labels they created fading ?
can i use pins or tacks on this board , or can i only insert items behind the ribbons ?
can we use two different papers and send the order to print from one or the other ?
will this printer work with windows 98
pictures i see of brother labels , a black portion shows on each new label . is this a file photo issue ?
i just ordered the ql 700 and want to print labels to put on dvd sleeves . these seem like the right size i want but are these just plain labels ? cause it seems these have something else on them ?
are they removable or permanent ?
does this provide support caller id ?
does the matte black bullet pen have the `` grip lines '' engraved into it like the chrome one does ?
so it works and is usable ?
does this set have a white colored sharpie ?
will it work on fabric that is going to be washed often ?
are these matte labels anywhere close to glossy ones ? would you use them on commercial cd albums ?
can you remove the dvd tray and just use the box for general storage ?
do these mics work with a regular soundstation 2 ( # 2200-16000-001 ) ? thx
is this label the same label format as the avery 28669 cd labels ; just more of them ?
how do you use the label maker .
what 's a tab ?
howbig is this product
could i put my printer ( about 20lb ) on this and use it as a printer stand ?
can the ringer be turned off completely ?
does it have a sliding sleeve that fully retracts ?
will this machine fold glossy paper ?
did the product change or is something wrong here ?
i frequently use hp glossy presentation paper . it is 48 lb . any idea as to whether this machine would handle this well ( without a lot of jamming ) ?
i want to use these on a ribbed tank top . has anyone tried this type of fabric ?
i would need it to cut 13 '' x 19 '' glossy photo paper along the 19 '' side . will it work for me ?
how would you compare this to the cutterpillar ?
will this hold a 32 inch tv ?
where to get replacement ribbons ?
does it print seconds ?
we are covering up holes and adhesive marks from previous mailboxes . is the back solid or mesh , and is the whole back covered ?
can this fit over a 3 '' partition ?
does this refill have the number 312 toward the back end ?
how much clearance is below the shelf ?
how do you keep a record of checks printed
is the entire back of the pocket adhesive ?
does this work on hp photosmart 2610 ?
is this made in the united states ?
what are the deminsions
can you use this as a converter to output sound as opposed to input ?
can the marker tray be excluded from the assembly ?
will this work with the 9 '' purple cows hot or cold laminator ?
do the cards slide in from top or side ?
can you change the stylus to a soft tipped one and is it available ?
does this phone support two lines of analog phone lines ?
will this phone work with verizon fios digital pnone service ?
where can i get just the ink pad itself to refill ?
automatic photo feeder i bought the epson 2480 scanner in a limted ewdition with an automatic photo feeder several years ago -- the feeder is worn out ... can i place this adf in its place ?
why is there a red dot on the lower left corner of the cartridge ? seems re-manufactured .
ink
network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way of detecting the printer , perhaps through a program called bonjour . i can not locate this program on this computer , though , and the only downloadable versions i can find are for windows . does anyone have any advice ? network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way ... » read more network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way of detecting the printer , perhaps through a program called bonjour . i can not locate this program on this computer , though , and the only downloadable versions i can find are for windows . does anyone have any advice ? « show less
i would like to have a portable , roll-able dry erase surface for tabletop roleplaying games -- could this be adhered to , say , a canvas backing ?
does this work with vista ? okay , it works with 98 , 2000 , me , and xp . what about vista ?
are these good to use for 3 graders to use for school ?
does anyone have any experience with that ?
is there a fix for the paper feed problem ? since new , have to play with mine 5-10 minutes before it pulls paper . thx !
do you need an electrical line for this phone ? i do n't have a line where i need a phone ; used to have a ge battery operated phone .
does this phone have speaker function ?
is this one poster with all of this information , or 5 separate posters ?
do the wheels lock ?
power surge ?
can this be cut down ?
what erasers are sold by amazon which fit the staedtler battery operated eraser ?
i 'm returning to fountain pens after a long absence . would it be better to start out with this product or head instead for a permanent fountain pen ?
where is this made from please ?
i can not tell which covers , paper and binders go with these . could you please guide me to the right products ?
is this product compatible with macbook smartboard in the classroom ?
is the cord on the hand set and phone hardwired in or can it be changed ?
looking at this for $ 50 . does it come in orig . box all accessories , manual and power cord ? what does n't it come with from orig box ?
does it already come with printer cartridges ?
are they safe to be placed on apples ?
does this phone have a mute button ?
can you enlarge copies with this printer ?
just to verify . is this the fx-300es or fx-300es plus ?
printing on plain paper we are looking at buying this printer but would like to be able to use it for architectural drawings ( prints , etc . ) with black ink and plain paper . anyone have experience with this ?
does the cardboard have a glossy coating on it ?
how to load and use it
does it have rubber grips on the bottoms ?
i have a canon mp470 printer . will the pg-40 work on my printer ?
will it work with the mx310 printer ?
will this calculator solve for x ?
which finish is being sold , gold or silver ?
what is the run time for the 160mx ?
is that correct ? if so , is there a way to lower it ?
will this scan 12x12 pages ?
does the monitor wobble at all when typing ?
how many inserts come with this ?
how many copies can i do with this cartridge ?
my printer is printing the photos blank . i thought i got a wonky cartridge , so i bought a new one and it 's still printing blanks . ideas ?
scanner does this model have a flat bed scanner ? if it does , how well does it work on text ?
is this the canon 104 cartridge or a generic product
how many pages per mintute ?
do these carrier sheets work with the scansnap s1500 ?
is this printer compatible with windows 7 ?
why will not my printer print photos ?
color ink cartridge can it use the 57 ink cartridge which has 3x as much ink as the 22 ?
is this genuine canon brand ?
what is the width ?
have french doors to patio that have a 3 1 2 '' clearance from bottom of door to floor . is this one long enough ?
will it work with win 8
what are the dimension of the keyboard tray with the mouse pulled out to the side ?
what is the actual out depth of this box ?
do you know how big the center hole is ?
are these stickers `` acid free '' ( i need to document old photos and need something i can stick on the back of them ) ?
does this item have an expired date on the package ?
is the cork board able to be mounted in both portrait and landscape positions ? or is the board only able to be mounted in one of those styles ?
is it a color cartridge
what diameter is this ?
i understand this order will include one hp 15 cartridge and one hp 78 cartridge , is this correct ?
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
i 'm a little confused on how these go on a disc ... is it like a sticker ?
is there a border or frame on these boards ?
what are the dimensions of the inner storage area ?
is there a box ?
does it come with a usb cable ?
are they thick or like cardstock ?
is this product wider at the bottom than it is at the zipper ?
where are these made ?
caller id references phone book ? when someone listed in my phone book calls and caller id provides the number , does the phone display the name in my phone book ? i know some brands do this , but have n't been able to figure out if uniden does . caller id references phone book ? when someone listed in my phone book calls and caller id provides the number , does the phone display the name in my phone book ? i know some brands do this , but ... » read more caller id references phone book ? when someone listed in my phone book calls and caller id provides the number , does the phone display the name in my phone book ? i know some brands do this , but have n't been able to figure out if uniden does . « show less
tcx905 - can it be mounted on the wall ? i already have tru9466 base and additional phones . although this is a two-line phone , we now have only one line . would like to place a wall mounted phone in the kitchen that is compatible with the tru9466 . tcx905 - can it be mounted on the wall ? i already have tru9466 base and additional phones . although this is a two-line phone , we now have only one line . would like to place a wall mounted phone in ... » read more tcx905 - can it be mounted on the wall ? i already have tru9466 base and additional phones . although this is a two-line phone , we now have only one line . would like to place a wall mounted phone in the kitchen that is compatible with the tru9466 . « show less
uniden tru9465 i recently received the uniden tru9465 base and single handset . i am wondering which of the accessory handsets is compatable the tcx905 or the tcx905 t9 series ?
i have windows 7 64 bit os , will this product work on my machine ?
i have a cooling pad that is 20 inches wide , 14 inches deep , and 1 inch tall . would i be able to securely place it with my laptop on top of this tray ?
can you attach magnets to this clipboard ?
is there a cover on the pad ?
i this product appropriate for mounting photos ?
what 's the deal with this printer ? and it is the evening of the 21st . what 's the deal with this printer ? what 's the deal with this printer ? and it is the evening of the 21st . « show less
is this model a color printer as well ?
does this paper have any sheen or gloss ? looking for matte..
will kids ' cars stick to it ?
which is the weight of this photo paper ? ¿cual es el gramaje de este papel ?
registration of 6x6 negs in epson v750 even though i 've checked 6 x 6 in configuration > film size the frame does not conform to my 6 x 6 negs ; the tops of some negs are cut off , as are the bottom of others . am i missing something or is this a common problem ?
what is the largest image size this product can scan in one pass ?
does it work on windows 8 systems ?
can this scan multiple pages into one pdf and multiple pages in the feeder to individual pdfs ?
is is compatible with windows 8 ?
what is the paper weight ?
is the 4315 wireless
questions questions questions will it automatically connect to my work and home networks without re-entering access details ? does it support access points which require you to log on or pay via a web site ? can you use it with a headset ? why is this sort of information never in the product descriptions ? i 've been waiting for this product for so long , such a shame it 's so expensive . questions questions questions will it automatically connect to my work and home networks without re-entering access details ? does it support access points which require you to log on or pay ... » read more questions questions questions will it automatically connect to my work and home networks without re-entering access details ? does it support access points which require you to log on or pay via a web site ? can you use it with a headset ? why is this sort of information never in the product descriptions ? i 've been waiting for this product for so long , such a shame it 's so expensive . « show less
how long are the legs ?
will it work for 10mil pouch ?
does it come with a ribbon ?
how many stickers per pack ?
are all of the pattern cards printed with color or are some just outlined ?
do you think it could be used as a puzzle rack to hold puzzles ?
what are the dimensions of just the inner cash tray ?
can i store 50-100 passwords ?
the sleeve around the datebook cover indicates this comes with a note pad but it was not enclosed when i received it . anyone get the note pad ?
how many sheets does this file hold ?
will the binding for this notebook flip all the way around ? or does it have to be open flat to use it ?
why does it print garble
will this work with windows vista ?
will this accommodate a 27 '' monitor that measures 26 '' x 16 '' ?
do these boxed come with the manilla folders as shown ?
what is the diameter of the rings ?
will the corner stand fit a 17.5 inch keyboard underneath since this has `` legs '' ?
does it work for pixma ip1700 ?
cardstock
does this come with the power supply ?
does it come with any wrappers ?
is there n option for two crates on one roller ?
i do n't see the eraser. , .. how easy is it to expose it ? can you leave the eraser exposed ?
in the photo , the marker tray appears flat , so pens will easily roll off . is it actually flat or cradle-shaped ?
what are the window location dimensions ?
when open , does the lid slide all the way down so that i could roll this completely under my desk ? or does it always stick up like in the picture ?
we have polycom vvx 300 phones and vonage system . will this conference phone work with these ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
is there a way to keep the staple from tearing through the top sheet of paper ?
how thick is the envelope without anything in it ? is it under 1 4 inch ?
how many ounces does each envelope weigh ?
brother mfc 240c 4 in 1 does this printer use ink cartriges as well as the hp printers ? i have a hp deskjet 842c . i replaced my # 15 black cartridge and printed 700 copies so far with it . what should i expect from the mfc 240c ? if a color cartridge runs out of ink and you want to continue your project in black and white , will the mfc 240c allow you to continue your project without running out to purchase one in the middle of a project ? brother mfc 240c 4 in 1 does this printer use ink cartriges as well as the hp printers ? i have a hp deskjet 842c . i replaced my # 15 black cartridge and printed 700 copies so far with it . what ... » read more brother mfc 240c 4 in 1 does this printer use ink cartriges as well as the hp printers ? i have a hp deskjet 842c . i replaced my # 15 black cartridge and printed 700 copies so far with it . what should i expect from the mfc 240c ? if a color cartridge runs out of ink and you want to continue your project in black and white , will the mfc 240c allow you to continue your project without running out to purchase one in the middle of a project ? « show less
can these be used to mail cd 's ?
what is the thickness of the bubble wrap ? is it 3 16 or ?
is it possible to install this phone on windows 7 64bit ?
will in work on canadian land lines ?
does this work with doorking model 300 card readers ?
which toner cartridge works for this fax machine ?
will this fax work with verizon fios ?
what lead size do they need
what are the real dimensions ? is it 11.5 wide or 13.25 wide ?
can anyone tell me how tall the base is ( 1 2 '' maybe ? ) ?
chip or no chip ? i 'm looking for ink for this printer , however some vendors advertise ink without chips . what are chips , and do i need them ?
this may be a silly question , but can this print documents ?
has anyone received a 'door open ' error message ? i do n't know what to do since the door is closed and nothing can print .
do they show as well on white paper ?
cardscanner and windows 7 i can not seem to synchronize cardscanner with windows7 . the company has told me to do different things but it still does not seem to work.has anyone successfully done this ?
changing property , driver specifications -- common usb cable strains the signal ? changes such as `` color '' or `` grayscale '' and `` draft , '' `` normal , '' and `` best , '' or `` landscape '' or `` portrait , '' etc . may be reached through the `` property '' on the print menu box or from the smart panel driver setting . i even select `` apply '' as that option appears . perhaps my usb cable does not note sufficient data flow . i currently can not change any printer settings at all . it is completely stuck in the draft and grayscale mode though the colors should on the print test pages . i have reinstalled the software and drivers , even the new vista software available online through the manufacturer 's site . perhaps the common usb cables simply do not transfer enough data second for the driver-property options to change to anything else ? changing property , driver specifications -- common usb cable strains the signal ? changes such as `` color '' or `` grayscale '' and `` draft , '' `` normal , '' and ... » read more changing property , driver specifications -- common usb cable strains the signal ? changes such as `` color '' or `` grayscale '' and `` draft , '' `` normal , '' and `` best , '' or `` landscape '' or `` portrait , '' etc . may be reached through the `` property '' on the print menu box or from the smart panel driver setting . i even select `` apply '' as that option appears . perhaps my usb cable does not note sufficient data flow . i currently can not change any printer settings at all . it is completely stuck in the draft and grayscale mode though the colors should on the print test pages . i have reinstalled the software and drivers , even the new vista software available online through the manufacturer 's site . perhaps the common usb cables simply do not transfer enough data second for the driver-property options to change to anything else ? « show less
is this product compatable with a att uverse motorola modem router ?
vista compatibility has anyone bought this scanner for use with windows vista ? if so , how well did the driver download go from the canon website and are you able to use all the scanner functions without problems ?
works for windows 7 ( 64-bit ) ?
i am having trouble buying leads for this pencil , especially in color . any advice ?
can you tell me how much these weigh individually ?
i 'm looking to sell a few things on ebay . how many shirts on average can be fit inside ? as well , how many paperback books ?
is extra packaging required ?
how well would these protect things like books ?
are these silver color or white ?
can you mail fragile items in these bags like glassware , small framed prints etc ?
what is weight on one mailer in ounces ?
what size kind of paper is best used with this ? also , does it work with printing photos from your computer ?
does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads ?
how many are there
will this work on a sharp cs-1064 ?
actual size and thickness ?
can you use other cd printable brands beside the tuff coat ?
how do you use the cost sell margin buttons ?
does this printer have a manual feed like the ip4200 ?
what color is the laser ?
mac compatible ? i 'm wondering if the canon pixmas have a mac driver , and if so , if they are compatible with the new mac osx leopard ?
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
how many times can you refill the them ?
does it come wirh a wallet cover ?
will the paper labels peel off cleanly from hard ( plastic storage containers ) surfaces when i need to change 'em ?
are these pencils refillable ?
can the canon pc 170 copy machine enlarge the image ?
is this 4 ply or 6 ply ? or ? i ordered the riverside poster board and it is too thin . i am looking for a thin cardboard . will this do the job ?
are all of the flair pens felt ?
can i print postage and addresses directly on the envelope with an hp officejet printer ?
is it dry erase friendly ... .
is it really dry erase
will the drawer hold 8 1 2 x 11 copy paper ?
do these markers erase cleanly after a long period of time ?
can you print with an ink jet printer ? if so how well and crisp does the image show up ?
can this printer be used for canvas ?
how much does it cost per page ? i was wondering if anyone can tell me the cost per page ? one reviewer said it was about 1200 per cartridge , is this true ?
can you slide an open register booklet under the calculator , checks , or both ?
where ( in what country ) are supaclips manufactured ?
is the grid on both sides of the page or just one ?
do i have to have a landline or cable account to use , or can i use with just skype ? trying to get rid of the unnecessary expense of a landline , but have a good set of cordless phones . if i buy this product , without a wall connection , will it work with skype ?
can credit cards be shred in the micro-cut slot ( not in the cd slot ) ?
what size batteries are used ?
where can i get paper
supplies for presto what about paper ( photo vs. copy paper ) ? what about color vs black & white ? what about cartridges -- where do you get them , how much do they cost , how does a naive user put them in ( really naive ) ? i must know this before i buy one . supplies for presto what about paper ( photo vs. copy paper ) ? what about color vs black & white ? what about cartridges -- where do you get them , how much do they cost , how does a naive user put ... » read more supplies for presto what about paper ( photo vs. copy paper ) ? what about color vs black & white ? what about cartridges -- where do you get them , how much do they cost , how does a naive user put them in ( really naive ) ? i must know this before i buy one . « show less
how well will the magnetic strips work in extreme cold ? will they break ?
what is weight capacity ?
is it good as a receipt scanner ?
what is the length and width of spline label ?
how do i reset the combination .
is it compatible with hp deskjet f4180 all-in-one printer ?
will it work on c3100 photosmart ?
does it work on hp photosmart 3180 all in one ?
does this work with hp deskjet 6988 ?
do these cartridges used to the hp officejet 4355 ?
how many pages can this machine punch at one time ?
what printers use hp 56 & hp 57 cartridges ?
does this item self-ink ?
can it hold regular side file folders ?
would this embosser be suitable for stationary , envelopes and napkins ? can you adjust the stamp to emboss on the top of the page vs bottom ?
can i use a regular chalk to write on this paper ?
will this stick to rolled canvas paper ?
would 4 '' diameter mailing tubes fit in the openings ?
how do you fill the customized stamper with ink ?
can i purchase a refill from you ?
if you have three phone lines in the office , does phone line roll over to second line ?
is it a wall phone
do you think this cart would fit into one of walmarts grocery baskets while shopping..and still have room for your groceries ?
headset jack ?
remote answering system can you call and retreive your messages when you 're away from home ?
mute function i 'm interested in purchasing this phone but am specifically looking for one with a hold function . does this have it ?
does the g4010 work on windows 8 ?
cleaning
can i use a fax machine with this product ? can i hook up a fax machine to this router and get faxes on a skype my number ? if that 's possible , can i still use the base simultaneously with the fax machine ? can i use a fax machine with this product ? can i hook up a fax machine to this router and get faxes on a skype my number ? if that 's possible , can i still use the base simultaneously with ... » read more can i use a fax machine with this product ? can i hook up a fax machine to this router and get faxes on a skype my number ? if that 's possible , can i still use the base simultaneously with the fax machine ? « show less
is there an adapter that would make my lhp7580 pro all in one wireless ?
do they peel off easily or do they leave sticky residue ?
can you use these erasers for laminated calenders as well ?
how many lines of text and characters per line will this stamp accommodate ?
is this good for large volume or only infrequent use
is it easy to take a bound 'booklet ' apart and rebound it ?
are all of the flags .5 '' ?
would this be ok outside if it got wet ?
how do you reload a new cartridge ?
how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look okay . ) i 've printed from both publisher ( choosing the grayscale setting ) and photoshop . how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look ... » read more how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look okay . ) i 've printed from both publisher ( choosing the grayscale setting ) and photoshop . « show less
approximately how many bills can be held in each compartment .
are the numbers backlit ?
why does this phone need batteries ?
why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? « show less
does it have a headset jack ?
is this refillable ?
can you use this marker on a whiteboard and erase it ?
are these for 2014 ?
dimensions ?
are these bands covered or just big rubber bands
is this waterproof ?
how many inches are there from the floor the the base of the long rod holding the table ?
is hp ink cartridge 74xl and 74 the same
does the refurb register come with instructions and orig box ?
wireless
does anyone know if this printer will work with a windows 7 computer ?
is the paper lined or blank white
what are the drawer dimensions ?
will this work with pixma my470
does this cutter work on cardstock ?
how long is the chain ?
is it soft or hard cover ?
does this phone have a switch for dial pulse ?
how to print duplicate receipt
how do you know where to put the photo paper ?
is this calendar also in spanish ?
am i overlooking the ee button on this calculator or does it have an equivalent ?
is it really a full inch thick , as it says in the specs ?
can the arm rest be adjusted so that it is in the same height as the desk surface ( not to the clamp ) ?
what is the vertical range of this device ? how high and low can it in relation to the desk ?
what are the shipping dimensions of the chair ?
can it go on a fridge ?
does this calendar come with magnets that attach to the back of the board so i can use it on the fridge ?
( both on amazon ) they look identical ?
is it 6 feet high and 4 feet in width , or the opposite ?
battery operated ? not worry about country voltage ?
can this ink be used with in a fountain ink pen ?
would someone please tell me , how many pages is this , taking into account both sides of page .
how magnetic is it
is this english or in spanish ?
does this brand new one come in a box ?
will this binder allow for different document sizes ? if so , is there a range for how small and how large ? for example , 4x5 ?
what type of ac uses , ( 220 o 110 ) volts ?
does your computer slide around on the surface of this when you are using it on your lap ?
what is its operating voltage , 110v , 120v , 220v or 240v ?
does the shredder have automatic overload protection which shuts the machine off if it runs too long or if paper jams ?
can you adjust the ringer volume in addition to the listening volume ?
does anyone known how to get this scale to show the second decimal i.e . 1.53 vs 1.50 ?
what color are the buuble mailers ?
are these pens good on glossy cards ?
what color is this phone ?
is the remote able to click on hyperlinks or links to custom slide shows within a powerpoint ?
does it include toner cartridges or should i buy them separately ?
is this strong enough to hold a crt 19 in . tv ?
is the grip knurling exactly as pictured or is it the newer woods crew style knurling ? thanx
biodegradable ?
what is the ink number and how does the cost compare
can the pen scan from an ipad or computer screen ?
does this deal include a valid key ?
can you dial a number using the hands free mode or must you pick up receiver , dial , then use speaker ?
does a manual come with the calculator ?
what is the page count on the 4070 , please ... ?
can anyone tell me whether this product has the embossed ribbon on the cover or not ? first photo shows a plain cover . which is it ?
what is the weight limit on this stool ?
how is good is the seat cushioned ? thin ? thick ? is it good enough to sit on a few hours with comfort ?
does this swivel ?
does this eraser fit the 0.7 mm mechanical pencils ( http : www.amazon.com gp product b001ccdgce ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i01 ? ie=utf8 & psc=1 )
2-quetions : ( i ) can i print on the card using a laser printer ? ( ii ) can i print on both sides of the sheet ?
which size do you get 5-2 5 x 10-1 2 x 2-2 5 inches , gy ( spr15500 ) are12.7 x 10.4 x 2.7 inches ; 4.7 pounds
can i stack one on top of the other and it would be ok to use ?
will this mouse pad work with my mac ?
does this pen have any cracks ?
how easy is this to install ?
can i just plug these phones into my existing outlets to replace my old 3-line phones ?
fax - incorrect cable i tried to set up the fax on my new photosmart c7280 but it threw its hands up saying i 'm using the wrong cable to connect it to the phone line . i 'm using the cable that came with the printer . what gives ? fax - incorrect cable i tried to set up the fax on my new photosmart c7280 but it threw its hands up saying i 'm using the wrong cable to connect it to the phone line . i 'm using the cable ... » read more fax - incorrect cable i tried to set up the fax on my new photosmart c7280 but it threw its hands up saying i 'm using the wrong cable to connect it to the phone line . i 'm using the cable that came with the printer . what gives ? « show less
does the tape have end of roll indicator ?
is the pad gum backed like sticky notes . i want one that is not sticky backed ?
will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a year and i can not imagine this printer would n't work with it . but i 'd hate to buy it and find out that i ca n't use it . can anyone advise this computer illiterate ? will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a ... » read more will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a year and i can not imagine this printer would n't work with it . but i 'd hate to buy it and find out that i ca n't use it . can anyone advise this computer illiterate ? « show less
can this printer work from a laptop thru linksys ?
will it scan negatives larger than 35mm ?
is this a wireless printer ?
$ 100 rebate am i reading this rebate form correctly ? the $ 100 rebate does not require a camera purchase ?
will this gamepad help that much more for gaming ? especially with games that are fps , moba , and mmorpg ?
do you print out an insert or do you print on the plastic and how many are in the kits ?
what is the height of the inner pocket , i have a card that needs to have the title peeking over the pocket .
black and white negatives to positive prints ? i guess this is kind of a naive question , but i have several thousand 35mm black and white negatives that i want to scan , and then enlarge and print in a positive image . does this unit allow you to do that ? or do i scan with this unit , and then use other software to make the negative into a positive image . any advice would be welcome .
had trouble getting the cover off . now the black cartridge wo n't install properly . what should i do ?
will this cartridge work in an hp 1022 printer ?
would theses stickers work good on a skateboard ? can they take a beating from rails and weather ?
need info in what 512 mb memory so-dimm works with this printer . has anyone upgraded the memory on this printer yet ? i would like to max out the ram to 640mb ( 128 + 512 additional ) .specs from brother 's website : this machine has 128 mb of standard memory and one slot for optional memory expansion . you can expand the memory up to 640 mb by installing dual in-line memory modules ( so-dimms ) . when you add the optional memory , it increases the performance for both copier and printer operations.in general , the so-dimm must have the following specifications : type : 144 pin and 64 bit outputcas lantency : 2clock frequency : 100 mhz or morecapacity : 64 , 128 , 256 or 512 mbheight : 31.75 mm ( 1.25 inches ) dram type : sdram 2 banki ca n't seem to locate brother 's recommended brands buffalo techworks so-dimms.what brand should i get , and is it available on amazon ?
where on the box or package can i find the expiration date ?
is it precise ?
what color is the ink on the black-bodied pen ?
does the matte black bullet pen have the `` grip lines '' engraved into it like the chrome one does ?
is the ink black ?
i was wondering if this stands up . i have seen other holders that are tri and they stand up . would love it if it does .
is this ink water soluble ?
is the letter will fit ?
for printing does it use ribbon or cartridge ?
does photo paper expire , as in not work right after years of storage ?
what is cutting mat
how do you change the ribbon ?
how much wight does it hold ?
does this come with cables ? cd ? manual ?
replacement battery ?
does this cabinet have adjustable backing in the drawers to hold up papers if the drawer is partially empty ?
what type of battery does this product use
can i have the main platorm pushed back under the desk but have the mouse platform sticking out ?
can i simply connect it to my modem ? via ethernet cable ?
is the calculator removable ?
will it work on both windows and mac i own both computers , win and mac and want to know if it will work on both machines ?
how does one install the casters so they stay in place ?
how long is the ac cord ?
does the blue barrel have threads on the lead end or does the mechanism screw into the silver part of the barrel ?
does it go back under the desk for storage or is it always out past the edge of the desk ?
are the hp74 and 75 combo pack cartridges compatible with the hp photosmart c4480 printer .
how long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper ?
can we use two different fonts ? for example , can our names be in one font and our address be in another font ?
can i change the dies to use different designs ? they say die holders and i do not know quite well what they meant .
can you make a stamp from my logo ?
it says 360 degree swivel . can you turn it sideways and slide under the desk that was so that it fits ?
is the leather smooth tanned leather or is it suede ?
would a us letter size paper , folded in half fit inside this ?
how does this compare to the jabra 510 ?
can these sheets be cut to resize them and then laminate ? i want to laminate paper smaller than a visiting card . can that be done ?
what is the accuracy of this cutter ? 1 16 '' , 1 32 '' or even finer ?
my desk does n't have req . 18 '' depth . would installing this sideways and then swivelling the cpu 90deg work ?
the brightness of paper is rated on a scale up to 100. the paper is rated `` photo white '' ... does anyone know the actual scale number for this paper ?
brothers hl-2140 printer compatability with windows 7 os ?
what is the weight ?
brother 2170w `` offline '' and ca n't get it back online i can get the printer back `` online . it worked great for about 3 weeks , now it says it 's offline and nothing i try gets it back online . any suggestions ? brother 2170w `` offline '' and ca n't get it back online i can get the printer back `` online . it worked great for about 3 weeks , now it says it 's offline and nothing i try gets it ... » read more brother 2170w `` offline '' and ca n't get it back online i can get the printer back `` online . it worked great for about 3 weeks , now it says it 's offline and nothing i try gets it back online . any suggestions ? « show less
is this made is usa ?
what its the best option to use in lycra fabric , swimwear , etc ?
my old cartridge still has life in it so if i order a new one , i would let it unopened . will the new one dry up if i let is sit ?
does it require a monthly charge ?
is this printer wireless ?
i did not receive an installation manual . does anyone have one ?
will the files fit 12 x 12 paper ?
magic jack connects to usb . what about directly to router ? i hope their r & d is working on a jack that plugs directly into a router so we do not have to leave a pc on to receive calls . does anyone know if a router version is on its way ? magic jack connects to usb . what about directly to router ? i hope their r & d is working on a jack that plugs directly into a router so we do not have to leave a pc on to receive calls . does ... » read more magic jack connects to usb . what about directly to router ? i hope their r & d is working on a jack that plugs directly into a router so we do not have to leave a pc on to receive calls . does anyone know if a router version is on its way ? « show less
do the side-rails lift up for storage ?
does this phone have the capability to forward to another number ?
`` does this phone feature `` audible '' caller id like the older at & t 1855 ?
how many handsets does it go to ?
how does smoothness scratchiness of these compare to pilot uni ?
what is the year date range on this stamp
is it 100~220v ?
what is the overall size of the printer ?
my pixma mx 850 will not copy in black and white , but copies fine in color . both black cartridges are virtually full . any ideas ?
who do you buy your 11 x 17 pouches from ?
has anyone tried laminating 18 x 24 pouches ? i know the machine says 18 '' wide , but is there any `` play '' at all ? will an 18 '' wide pouch go through ok ?
what is the top limit for thickness ?
is this printer reliable and high quality
how long can it shred for ? and then how long does it take to cool down ?
the drawer keeps falling out every time i open it . is there a trick to this ? did i install it wrong ?
has anyone ordered these and received 2014 forms ?
what features are available ?
will it fit the existing plate on the wall that my old phone is on ?
does the phone have caller id ?
does this date stamp start with the year band of 2010 ?
how many paper can you feed at one time ?
is there also the option to have no message printed , and just print the date only ?
i am looking to buy these to use in my adult coloring book-will they tear up the paper ?
call blocking does this phone have the call blocking feature ?
how in the world do you load the staples ?
what is the minimum height including casters ?
we have a problem with static electricity . the sheets are going through several at a time . how can we correct for this ?
how many rolls not colums are in a page
are the tabs a to z with single letters ? or ab , cd , ef , gh , etc ?
what are the dimensions ?
would this work vertically if mounted on a wall ? could someone test for me please ?
are you sure it do n't work on windows 7 ?
are the wheels removable ?
what 's the size ?
to clarify , does the cap fit onto the end of the barrel ? : ) does anyone know of a keychair `` space '' pen where the cap fits on rear of barrel ?
size
i bought 3 of these . the first 2 were empty ! says i need to replace toner ! what 's up with this ?
in the picture it shows the top half with glass doors , is that included ?
help ! i 'm a senior in high school taking pre-calculus this year and need a graphing calculator , teacher says $ 90 for one , is this one good enough ?
what size fillers does this model use
scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about 300 images & it worked well . i 've scanned a few things here and there throughout the year with no trouble ... however , i just went to scan again and am now getting white vertical lines on every scan , but they 're showing up in different places.. anyone have any idea what might cause that ? i 'll try to contact fuji but i found this on their site and aside from trying to replace the lamp , i ca n't imagine what would cause it . scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about ... » read more scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about 300 images & it worked well . i 've scanned a few things here and there throughout the year with no trouble ... however , i just went to scan again and am now getting white vertical lines on every scan , but they 're showing up in different places.. anyone have any idea what might cause that ? i 'll try to contact fuji but i found this on their site and aside from trying to replace the lamp , i ca n't imagine what would cause it . « show less
do you have a scale that shows 1 64 ?
mac compatibility ? i 'm wondering if any of you are using this printer with mac.i know most of the computer peripherals are designed to work with pcs , so i 'd like to know how this printer works with macs.
lexmark 5650 printer . amazon says one 36xl or 37xl will work . this item containing both cartridges says they will not work . which is correct ?
is it oil based or water based ?
what to do when the power button collapses ?
we are stapling two sheets , and the staples go right though and leave a hole . is there any way to adjust the tension so smaller jobs have less force ?
what is the height from desk top to shelf top ?
is this pouch used with the laminating machine ?
does this require a special charger adapter or can it be used with an existing european adapter that i already have ?
what is the content weight limit ?
can i use it as 2 separate desks without attaching the corner piece ?
can i fold this for safe space keeping ?
say i put a layer of this on a small piece of furniture then add glitter and another layer over that . do i still have to use an acrylic seal ?
does `` x-fine '' mean `` extra-fine '' ( ef ) and is it good for professional illustrations manga comics ?
i 'd like to install a solar panel to the top of a black cargo box on my van . will this tape hold up to desert heat ( 120*+ ) and driving 80mph ?
what kind of liquid chalk markers can you use this with ?
the cartridges come in original box hp , where you can clearly see the expiration date ?
is this compatiable with hp deskjet f2480 ?
expire date
does this print in color as well ?
snow leopard support any word on how the printer does under snow leopard ? it is listed by apple as supported hardware but has anyone actually tired it ?
can i assume this cabinet has the racks to hang the file folders ?
how many lines ?
i have a widescreen monitor , but not enough desk space for this pad . would i be able to let it stick out over the edge of the desk and still be usable , or will it bend ?
is this a wireless printer
does it automatically clear both memories when the top is closed ?
can this modge podge be used to seal non toxic acrylic paint on a wooden block ? please help
will it attach velcro to leather to add stability to a magnetic purse closure
are there lots of slots for the dividers to change widths by say 1 2 '' increments ?
wwhat is the length of the 5 x 8 box ?
why it print only in collor
how many inches are the blocks for each day , on side one and on side two ?
pictures are confusing . the small picture shows tan bands that look like the right size ( 3.5 x 1 4 ) ; however , main page picture shows thin bands ?
will this converter work in the sheaffer calligraphy pen set that is sold on amazon ?
will this pen fit the classic sd knife ? i 've seen one listed as large which i believe is too long . do n't know what this one is .
would this organizer fit on a shelf that is 12 inches deep or would it be unstable due to the placement of the product 's `` feet '' ?
is this pen heavy ?
mac compatibility does it work with apple , imac ?
i see two wheels in the photo . can someone tell me how this unit is as far as portability ? easy to move ? stands solid does n't move when using it ?
does anyone know if this chalk board is also magnetic ?
only one bottle for $ 14.99 ? one 1.6oz bottle ?
*not for photosmart plus printers* in desc.. but the will this work with your printer tool says it will work on b210e photosmart plus . which is true
will this work in a photosmart premium c309 ?
will this work for the 4620 officejet printer ?
will it work on contact paper chaulkboard paper ? and wipe off ?
i bought a set of the prismacolor premier soft core but i also want a watercolor set , are these as smooth as the soft cores ?
what is print capacity of cartridges ?
does it arrive fully assembled ?
can be printed on wood and has white ink cartridge ?
are these rigid or thin and bendable plastic ?
great design but it seems to be made in china . can anyone confirm country of origin ?
what does monochrome mean ?
does it have `` empty '' slots ? can you stamp 9 digit numbers instead of 10 digits ?
do i need to purchase a separate coil crimper plier for this or does the machine automatically tuck the coil ends ?
does this stamper include 0 and 9 ?
will it do algebra
my pc is 11.2 '' wide . will this stand fit and be stable ?
can this be used as a laundromat scale for dropoff ?
how wide is the cpu shelf ?
once laminated , is the paper inside permanent ? i 'm looking for tags that i can insert cards into and remove , so i do n't know if this is what i need .
i want to be absolutely sure that the package contains 100 labels for 100 dvd 's ?
are these labels 1x2 5 8 ? or are they really 1x2 ?
most of the sellers claim they are manufacturing this themselves in their description ? which seller did you purchase from ?
which clips does it work with ?
does this holder have a lid so that the chalk wo n't get all over the inside of my bag when not in use ?
is it compatible with vista
what is the measurement from left to right ? is it 17 inch or is it the diagonal lenghth ? also 13 1 4 is from front to back ( depth ) correct ?
does this multi pen have an eraser ?
what are dimensions
how can i set it up for wireless printing ?
does this device support poe instead of using the power supply ?
i am wanting a pen for guests to signa slice of wood at my wedding , i intend to oil it afterwards . can you please recommend a pen to do this with . man
does this come with a line guide ?
will it work for a 5 point badge
does this do duplex scanning ?
what type of chair is the best to use for this ?
« show less
is this portable ?
how big are the rings ?
flying jumpers are mentioned in the product description , but are not show in the photo . do they come with the tape dispenser or not ?
will it work with cell phones ?
how many numbers can be stored on this phone
does this phone work on a regular home analog voice line ?
what is an est . cost to print per page in bw ?
illustration and title imply that these are genuine brother manufactured cartridges . description implies that these are third party copies . clarify
are these `` in retail box '' original brother cartridges ?
does anyone know the size of these ?
will a ps3 slim fit under this ?
what are the dimensions of the stand
what is outside measurement ( not page insert ) ?
what does this include ?
would like to order 4 bags , are the keys usable on each bag or seperate ?
is this just for a mac or is it compatable to a pc
how many come in a box
i followed all the directions , put the cartridge in and the printer is reading it as emply -- -any suggestions ?
is this compatible with selphy cp900 ?
why is the 8.5x11 cheaper than the 8x10 ?
does it work well with a netbook ?
i have a desktop with a width of 9.85 inches , can it fit in this stand ?
which ink cartridges fit the bulow pen . my converter will only fill half way . is this an issue others have >
what size of letters does this board take ?
how large of a document will this scan ?
is this compatible with windows 8
is the bottom plastic nylon or fiber that meets the floor
is this compatible with windows 8 ? is this usb plug in from the printer to the computer ?
can th mp980 print directy to printable cd 's ? just wondering
does it work with windows7 ? has anyone installed this on a pc running window7 ? did it go smoothly ? are you happy with it ?
does this write underwater and on grease , etc ?
does this fold ?
will i need tools ?
would you use this on jewelry to be sold ?
do they have 2pockets on the inside covers ?
what material is the stand made of ?
will it sharpen a new pencil good
do these have three holes in them for placing in a binder ?
can you rotate it so that the cork is on the left and the dry erase board is on the right , by removing the tray and attaching it to the opposite end ?
is this printer a sublimation printer ?
is it audio
do these cartridges work in a brother mfc 6490 wc printer ?
will this work on an artisan 837
does this notebook have the letter writing guide on the inside front cover ?
how does this product hold up under heat . such as if one were to hang something over a window to reduce heat . would this product hold up ?
does this include a set of ink cartridges ?
will the board itself stick to a metal surface ?
is the 22 x 35 include the black frame and what are the black frame measurements ( like is 1 '' or 2 '' thick )
some cork boards are too thin for a push pin to go in very far . is that the case with this board ?
will this work for a left handed person ?
is it strong at the perforations ?
i want to use this to store my coupons . will this hold the plastic coupon pages that are sold online ?
what keeps the laptop from sliding off the bottom ?
is there a headset jack on the base or cordless handset ?
good afternoon . also detected euros ?
it cuts a small piece of blank tape before it prints any label . is there anything i can do to stop it from wasting my tape ?
refillable
does it work with 15 '' macbook pro late 2008 ?
exactly how do you install this cartridge in an mfc-7420 brother printer ?
are the ink cartrages pressureized ? will the ink write in the rain ?
the one i ordered came with a center panal off color ( dif print lot i assume ) . did others have this problem ? safe to just re-order ?
if you have tried this refill with a livescribe pen , does it fit mod ?
hi . is this item 37 inches wide or tall ?
will standard manila size folders ( amazon item b00006if1b ) containing documents fit easily into these ?
can the coiled cord be replaced or is it fixed in there ?
is the sealable flap along the 9 inch side of the envelop ?
do the handsets have headjacks and does this phone have `` speed dialing '' ?
does this item have a backup battery to protect settings in a power failure ?
can you put a bag directly in the basket to make the shredder easier to empty ?
the title says 5ml , yet the description states it is 3ml several times . which is it ?
what is the cart made of ?
will this fit a hons 38000 48 '' x 30 '' pedestal desk ? i have around 31 '' of usable space underneath , it seems like may be tight ?
how do these work on tile or stone ?
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting ?
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting ?
is this pen waterproof ? would it work with a waterproof journal ?
is this industrial velcrostrong enough to hold a sony action cam to the top of my ski helmet ?
can it also be used as a regular printer ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
does this phone have headset capability ?
what is the length of the actual phone ?
i have base model kx-tg7432 . is this phone will be the right one for my base unit ?
how do you delete old numbers out of the phonebook ?
can anyone tell me how to program the speed dial on the kx-tga 106 m ?
what is the page size ?
can i use standard .25 '' staples in this stapler ?
may they rust ?
what is the assembled height ?
what ink cartridges does it take ?
do you load the cards from the outside edge or inside by the stitching ?
is this spray adhesive ok for mounting photos to a foam core board ?
is the surface magnetic on both sides ?
how long is the warranty ?
it said the black cartridge is low , so i change the new one . it still shows the k cartridge is out . reset it several times , but still not working . any suggestion ?
compatible with mac ?
what color is the 'glue ' side of tape .
did it come with the short connection cord for jack to phone ?
how many pages does each ink cartridge yield for printing ?
why does nothing comes out of the black cartridge ?
how do print envelopes
will theses work for my ip 2600
how good is the quality of scanning of slides , 33mm ?
will it print 4x6s ?
will this stick totupperware and plastic ziplock bags ?
how old is it
what are the measurements of the surface ?
can this phone be mounted on a wall ?
need batteries for my phones . where can i find them ?
can this phone work with a headset ?
does this phone come with batteries ?
does this phone have headset jack ?
is it wall mountable ?
can plug in a headphone mic ?
suppose that i buy two ( 2 ) of these handsets . can i use them as wireless intercom ?
can you turn off the ringer ?
can i adjust the volume of the handset ?
do you need software subscriptions ?
does this scale continually adjust as you add more weight on it ?
does this stand hold smaller books ( such as paperback books ) open well ?
will this cartridge fit a pilot varsity fountain pen ?
what color is it
how long do the lamy cartridges last ? ( i know this is hugely connected to how much you write but i 'm looking for some idea . )
do these products fit and work correctly on the esp 5250 ( 5200 series all-in-one ) ?
how large is the weighing surface ?
would this work for a canvas poster , it 's a bit thicker than a normal poster or map ?
hi stupid question but would this hold a 48 x 72 poster ?
is the keyboard slide out part fixed ? or i can i move it to another part of the desk ?
what are the dimensions of the raised monitor shelf ? could two 27 '' monitors fit ?
what does the siemens gigaset sl785 do when there is a call waiting ? i have a panasonic cordless set that has the annoying habit of beeping and _muting_ the call i 'm on several times when another call comes in . can anyone tell me what the siemens sl785 does ? what does the siemens gigaset sl785 do when there is a call waiting ? i have a panasonic cordless set that has the annoying habit of beeping and _muting_ the call i 'm on several times when ... » read more what does the siemens gigaset sl785 do when there is a call waiting ? i have a panasonic cordless set that has the annoying habit of beeping and _muting_ the call i 'm on several times when another call comes in . can anyone tell me what the siemens sl785 does ? « show less
when you put in a number with the decimal in the proper place and want to keep adding numbers up , do you have to keep putting in the decimal point ?
jammed papers
how wide is the lip .
the item title states `` by brother '' with a photo of the oem cartridge box . is this an oem brother tn-650 cartridge ? or is this a `` compatible '' ?
does it come with the alphabetical dividers ?
is unit audable
what size is it ?
height of 1st shelve
will this sharpener work with inktense pencils ?
afraid to ask : is it unwise to refill the toner cartridge using a toner refill kit ?
can i get this overnighted ?
scansnap for mac -- organizing software forgive me in advance for this dumb question : i 'm planning to purchase the scansnap 1500 for mac for home use . i want to be able to eliminate paper clutter from bills , invoices , kids ' poetry , the label from a great cabernet , and those other million bits of miscellaneous paper i want to keep and be able to find one day . easy , fast and intuitive organizing is critical . can anyone tell me what the best pdf organizing software would be ( for use with the scansnap for mac ) for this kind of use ( preferably one that does not rely on the inputter 's memory of how or where things are `` e-filed '' ? i 've heard yep , paperless and the neatdesk software . yep scares me because i 'm afraid i 'd have to remember how i tagged something .
what is the page count on this machine ?
what is the weight capacity ?
any recommend seller for this ?
please does the $ 430.89 s1500 from amaxon ( asin : b0021aerwy ) come with rack2-filer v5.0 ? many
is there warranty on this printer ?
what size hitch cargo carrier would you need to transport this cart ?
are the buttons gummy or hard plastic ?
what is the difference with the fx-9860 gii and the one sd ? which is best ?
is the hauser 777 rollerball refills the same as the hauser 7o7 .
basket size ?
can it be programed to use with an external answering machine ?
what 's the outer-most physical width ? 72 '' from edge to edge ?
can i use the usa version and a skype number when i am in mexico to make and receive calls to and from land lines ?
is this a pencil that can be use by an adult as well ? or is the size suited only for children ?
all same color ?
will this printer ( epson artisan 50 ) work with windows 7 ?
i have a dell lattitude e6410 and would this fit ?
how can i print photos , is there some secret ?
can you still print stamps if you are using stamps.com ?
what size labels do i need for fba with the dymo turbo 450 ?
i have an older aeron chair with plastic covering the arms . will these replace them ?
can i print on both sides and only have the carbon come through on one side ?
this is like an industrial strength saran wrap right ?
how many characters can a line fits ? i need this for return address and i need 28 characters ( already including spaces ) for my first line ?
can i change the size of the font ?
how is wireless set up on this model ?
is this paper thick enough to be used for cards invitations ?
how do you restart it ?
what are the colors
can you mute turn off the ring of a one call at a time ?
works in venezuela
does this model have speaker phone capability ?
to turn on after placing newly bought batteries in , should n't the screen change or something after hitting the power button ? spoke ; spo-ken ; '' etc . i have hit the power button and then menu button but nothing changes the screen portion . does this mean i have a lemon ? i have to state that i spoke too soon regarding this product and will try to do an update later but instructions for me look quite daunting . « show less
negative scans
can you stack them ?
i just want to use this under counter bar stools , over the carpet when my grandsons are over , then remove when they go home . will it work for that ?
how do you replace a new correctable film ribbon
does it have speaker phone ?
what colors does it come in
do you need a special cartridge or can you use the cartridge you purchase from a store ?
will this work on an old remington eleven quiet typewriter ?
does the door stay open without you holding it open ?
will this fit my smith-corona cougar portable typewriter ?
are you able to put wrappers in the slots or will the slots come out so you can wrap ?
would i be able too push this for a very long walk on unstable road to the store ? or is it only good for short walks from the car to the store ?
does this come with its own rechargeable battery ?
would this cis work on a hp officejet pro l7580 . according to the description it will but when i put in my printer it says it wo n't . confused .
are the stems removable ?
- is the item durable ? - is this item easy to use ? - what are the dimensions of this item ?
where and how do you send the photo for the mouse pad ?
can i use this phone for a land line connection or is it just for internet phone line ?
will accept pressuirized fisher refills
are there any special printer requirements to be able to print on this paper ?
is this compatible with erc38br ?
i have old slides from the '50s and '60s that measure 2.5 x 2.5 inches ( unmounted ) . will these fit into this converter ?
how many phone lines does it support
do these load from the middle side or from the top ?
i 'm looking for a pen that i can keep in my pocket without it having any chance of getting ink on the lining . would this work ?
what all comes with the printer ?
is this a one line phone or two line phone
i generally prefer fine nibs , but there is a lot of variability in different companies . do these tend more to the fine side or broader side of m ?
do all drawers lock ? if not , which ones lock ?
dose this pen come with a cartridge ? when you say converter nib do you mean just a converter or a converter and a nib ?
i have to print on location sometimes where there is no plug in , is there a power cord that would plug into a cigarette lighter on my car ? thks
what is the size of these envelopes ?
do you know if r400 works for google docs ( presentation ) ?
how does this feature work ?
how do you recharge the tacky surface when it gets dull and stickless
is the zebra mz 220 ios compatible for use with the iphone5 ?
could this be mounted by using pre-existing hooks ?
is the spectrafile really only 1 '' deep ? how much does it expand ?
are the keys large enough to use by touch ?
is there a guaranty ?
does the pen come with ink ? if so what color ?
has anyone had success using it with windows 8.1 and a wireless network ?
ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , they pop out when i press the `` push '' dot . i have never had this sort of problem with other cartridges . have now spent an hour and can not get any of 6 cartridges properly installed . not happy ! ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , ... » read more ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , they pop out when i press the `` push '' dot . i have never had this sort of problem with other cartridges . have now spent an hour and can not get any of 6 cartridges properly installed . not happy ! « show less
will this work with epson artisan 1430
how does the kodak i1120 compare to a fujitsu ix500 in easy to use ?
will this remote pause and play videos on windows media player or vlc ?
are the dividers attached at the bottom of it to prevent them from slipping around ?
what is it 's weight
i want to know if i buy one telo , do i have a monthly fee ?
is the lock secure ?
why does the cartridge ( tn210 for mfc-9320cw ) appear to still be half full of toner ?
how to determine which toner cartridge needs to be replaced ?
how do you use a refurbished toner cartridge and reset the page counter ?
does this work with waterman pen ?
will it hold a 32 ' lcd tv
does the hanging file drawer have an actual bottom ?
just got product=your description states '' made in usa '' but printed on the product & manual states `` made in china '' -is ink pigment or dye ? -very watery !
i have 25 keys to my different offices . will this still work or do you have another product that will fit my need ?
which is the better or newer model , this or the fellowes powershred w-11c 11 sheet cross-cut shredder ( 3103201 ) ?
does this come with cartridges ?
is this mac compatible ?
is there a video output ? i have a presenter who requested this and we need it to appear on two different screens .
can you read the display when there 's a large box on top of it ?
how are printers changed in printers available box
is it compatible with windows 8.1 ?
how many cards ?
what is the diameter of the seal ?
what is the overall height of the unit ?
how low will this chair go ?
is this cabinet sturdy enough to put a ( 4-in-1 ) printer , scanner , copier & fax machine on it ?
can it scan for chinese word ?
i use an hp photosmart printer that uses hp 02 ink . has anyone tried this paper with this ink ?
does it print id photo of diferents sizes ?
is the lip included in the measurement ( i.e. , within that 35 '' or 53 '' ) or is the lip in addition to the size listed ?
where can i buy black ink for this ?
how can i get the ip address of my ml 2525w printer from samsung via usb .
the photos look like the files face forward . is that right ?
do the wheels lock ?
i have a mfc-j410w . i just bought the ink cartridges . when i try to print , the pages are blank as if there is no ink.. please help !
are these presharpened ?
one customer stated he was able to refill 7-8 times with this kit . that seems almost to good to be true . has anyone refilled that many times ?
does it print all size photos ?
is the scanner mac compatible ?
is this cabinet made of metal ?
is the cabinet safe with only one drawer open at the time ?
how far do the drawers open ?
what is the drawer bottom made of ?
is the file box removable or is it attached to the frame ?
does this black ink cartridge work with the kodak hero 7.1 ?
how high is this stool ?
do the wheels come off ?
does this have a voicemail message indicator light on handsets and do the handsets have a headset jack ?
how to copy landline directory to the new panasonic telephone directory
does this printer come with the cartridges ? also is it compatible with a mac osx ?
the listing says beige , but the picture is light green . but when you click on it the picture is dark brown ... so which colour is it ?
what are the actual demensions of this ?
how do you turn off the calculator ? i see an `` on '' button ; though it is solar as well as battery backup , how do you save the battery power ?
is this a basic calculator ?
who does the narration ?
is the actual sharpener body , not the cover , made of magnesium alloy or is it plastic ?
the power source : is it only battery ? can it tbe connected to a mac via usb ? does it have a power cord and if so is it 120-240 volts ?
what is the weight recommendation ?
the product photo show it with two screens . does the upper one also show the negative or slide inserted or is it only of photos inserted ?
has anyone tried using this in an eu country ?
how much weight can this cart support ?
what is expiration date printed on the box ?
how does handle come out
will they hold boxed set lps ?
does it work with cordless hand set ? where would you connect this device to the handset ?
to expand from 4phones to 8 or 16 , do i need to buy a new router controller brain ? love this system
are there tabs for the beginning of every month ?
is this phone wall mountable ?
what is the size ?
what does original mean ?
how do i pair desktop phone to my cell phone ?
what 's the height of the cart , from the bottom of the wheels to the top of the first shelf ?
sometimes the card is n't lined up with the right day it seems like it does n't pull it in right away . any suggestions on how to adjust the time clock ?
will it work with officejet j3680 ?
does this come with usb and power cables and ink cartridges ?
will it scan the old 2 x 2 sized slides with the 1 4 `` cardboard frames on all 4 sides ?
does it have wifi ?
will small magnets stick to it as well ?
can you use this for making warning labels 4x4 size and how good will it hold to metal
does this come with the sd memory card included ?
epson 200 xl
how fast does it print a 4x6 picture ?
does the printer come with a usb cord ?
with a 6lb screen on top and a 3.5lb laptop on the second shelf , would this be sturdy enough to lift and carry by the top shelf ?
is this the putty color showing or the dark gray ... ?
how do i get a new ink roller ?
which labels go with garvey 22-6 pricing gun ? adhesive back .
does this device work with pulse dialing phones ?
will this cabinet function without the wheels ? will the bottom drawer open smoothly and not tip over ?
can an adult man use this desk ?
do you have to buy the covers ? and if so what kind do you get ?
can you use this folder to fold a regular size sheet of paper in half ?
how many pages can you punch at once ?
does the printer has a 36 female parallel port connection ?
i ca n't change the settings to regular paper instead of photopaper ?
does this book have a place for phone number and email address ?
does this work with mac ?
gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is correct ? gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is ... » read more gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is correct ? « show less
where is the gray color ... .my printer is asking for this one .
what is reasonable number pages per cartridge ?
is this compatible with the canon mg 5500 canon printer ?
can you stack two of these on top of each other for a double cabinet ?
could this handle legal-14 '' x8.5 '' ?
does the seat tilt function allow for tilt both forward and back , just forward , or just back ? once tilted , can the tilt be locked into place ?
is there a ruler system at the top of this cutter ( something to indicate inches ) ?
are there musical ringtones with this phone system ?
which scoring blade can i use with this ?
can you use these as write-on sheets as well ?
how is it tranportate ? does it come into a tube ? how big ist the tube ?
is this made of metal or is it more of a dry erase board ?
how many refill pages do you get ?
does this work with windows 7 and 8 ?
will this be compatible with os x 10.9.2 ?
does phone use ac adapter or batteries ?
is the distance between the keyboard and the monitor adjustable ( both on horizontal and vertical plane ) ?
i need an adhesive to glue dog fur on a outside plywood dog figure . will this hold in humid or rain conditions .
are the labels permanent or removable ?
i purchased from you and another company at the same time . they arrived together . is yours packaged in a sealed black bag ?
trying to fit this in front of some desk furniture . what is the depth of the setup once it has been installed ( including when in standing mode ) ?
are all brother printers crap , or just this one .
in the description , it says this item works with the mfc-7860dw printer , but in the drop down menu it says it does not.. which one is it ?
brother toner tn 450 and tn 420 look exactly alike . what is the difference ?
when does it expires ?
would this fit into my big suitcase to use as a portable printer ? does it work with windows 7 ?
does it fax
can it print 8x10 pictures ?
what color are the barbs ? clear or red ?
is the display powered by electric or batteries ?
weight calibration ? the instructions say to use a 30lb weight to calibrate the scale . how can i do this without spending too much money ? smaller packages were off by a few ounces and my 8 lb package was really 6 lbs according to usps.any thoughts ? weight calibration ? the instructions say to use a 30lb weight to calibrate the scale . how can i do this without spending too much money ? the instructions say to use a 30lb weight to calibrate the scale . how can i do this without spending too much money ? smaller packages were off by a few ounces and my 8 lb package was really 6 lbs according to usps.any thoughts ? « show less
can the chalkboard be mounted vertically rather than horizontally ?
how thick is the board ?
how many pages will it print
what are the dimensions including the casters ?
i replaced all ink cartriges . black was n't working before and still is n't . i 've cleaned the printhead 6 times . still no printing in black . help
can employees us the last 4 digits of their ss number as their entry codes ?
does anyone know how many pages per cartridge ?
what is the width between the legs ?
would this be adjustable enough to fit snugly above a closed window ?
i 'd like to be able to scan an item into the search field at amazon to bring up a product listing . will this scanner do the job ?
doc again . how long do the pens last , are they relyable ?
mp610
fast start
does this have a hinged top ?
can you use regular first-class postage to mail this ? or does it require extra postage ?
is there a warranty on this product ? can you buy an additional warranty ?
are the wrist pads permanently attached ?
i think what people are trying to ask by saying `` apple '' and `` mac , '' is `` is this computer compatible with an apple computer ?
i just recieved this unit and replaced the drum and my prints are still coming with a blirr in the middle of the page ? what else could this be ?
is there a monthly fee with this time clock ?
can you scan multiple pages into one file ?
can this be used on quickbooks pos ?
how can i change the name and state of the stamp ? is that separate ?
will the resetter work for epson workforce 615 cartridges ?
are the cutters metal ?
will not print
does this work on cross dubai ?
what are the base dimensions of this stand ?
is this mac os x compatible ?
is it a scanner also ?
printer cuts off the right margin ... ..no matter what margins i make , the right margin always prints to the right edge of paper ! please help ? thanx !
what file format are these files images saved in jpeg ? gif ? or can i choose
is it easy to change the monitor height ?
can you print two lines of text ?
can i convert old black & white and old color photos ?
how long will the toner last that comes with the printer ? should i buy a pack of toner cartridges at the same time i buy this printer ?
will this work in a brother mfc-9840cdw ?
does this dictionary use cantonese chinese or mandarin chinese ?
what are the overall dimensions of the piece ?
will this phone mount on a wall phone jack ?
for those that are heavy set ... like 250lbs or more ... .how is this chair ?
will this model do borderless and have nice detail in printing large photos ?
how many cards does this hold ?
can you engrave a small logo next to the name ?
does this cabinet lock
is this new or manufacture refurbished
is this stand metal or plastic ?
are the auction tickets perferated ?
what is the approximate dimension of this shredder ?
we have more than 100 employees . this one is only for up to 25 ?
i do not see a year on these forms . does that mean i can use them for 2012 ?
does anyone know if the printer comes with a printer cable ?
what happens when installed in windows 7 ?
is there a paper tray to catch incoming faxes . if so , does it come with the unit ?
how much weight does it support ?
what is the weight capacity of this char ?
do i have to use a black light or will these just glow in the dark when all lights are turned off ?
the only piece of information i need : what is the hasp diameter ?
can the cpu shelf be mounted on the inside ?
do you get 2 or 3 pads ?
am i able to get a replacement key ?
this item shows : backed by a 100 % guarantee and a two-year warranty . how does one go about making a claim for this ?
what is the size of the universal 48020 shredder ?
how do you refill ink cartridges with these ? does it come with directions ?
trying to match with my current office max filing cabinet ; is the height 28 3 8 or 29 mentioned and does it have the office max logo ?
how many wire followers are included ?
what printer does this fit ?
what 's the thickness ?
what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch thick .250 is a quarter of an inch ! this was measured with a micrometer . what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch ... » read more what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch thick .250 is a quarter of an inch ! this was measured with a micrometer . « show less
how many inches is the track that mounts under the desk ?
is the 3 ring binder removeable ?
i am looking for lockin patient chart files . will this accomodate smead chart files ?
can you slide the keyboard underneath while still having the drawer in place ?
does the yellow show up on black or other dark fabrics ?
does it have ocr ?
should the length of keyboard need to be taken in consideration . scissor lift work functionally on the desk ?
can it be used with right handed or left handed writers ?
does this have audio caller id ?
what is the warranty ?
i know this can print 11x17 , but can it also scan an 11x17 document ?
how do i change the font ?
is this compatible with windows 7 professional 64 bit ?
will lc61 workgreat with brother mfc-j415w
is cis cartidges work on epson artisan 800 ?
how high is it from the floor to the seat ?
does the caller id have a date time stamp for each call ?
is this toner works fine on canon imageclass lbp6000 ?
what type of barcode scanner does this unit take , usb parallel ?
product dimensions ?
will this printer print borderless all the way up to the largest paper size ?
does the light blue fabric show dirt easily ?
is this a set of two binders ? if not , how do we specify which design we would like to order ?
how well does this stay up ? does it have velcro or other way to fasten open ?
does this have a non-skid surface so i can wear my dress shoes without slipping ?
is this magnetic
can it handle paper with staples ?
would this work ?
is software compatible with win rt tablet ?
is this true ?
insurance card
what comes in the box ? is an initial set of cartridges included ? roll paper holder ?
why do you present the cartridges as being in an official brother 's box , but they are sent without a box ? how can i tell how old they are ?
i was wondering it any talking dictionaries have plug in headsets & if you can program words and listen to them over and over again ?
why wo n't it take my pictures in the scanner
will this ink work in my mfcj835 printer ?
is this an ink jet printer ?
i have a wall mount attached to my wall that is 3 inches wide & 4 3 4 inches long . will the mount on the back of this phone fit my mount ?
does this unit have the time and date stamp feature ?
will this work for ginny binders ?
wall mountable
what is the bracket made out of ?
is this a dura eco product
are these refillable or once the pen 's ink is used , you toss the pen into landfill ?
does this have a drawer with it on the side ? some help asap ?
how many prints ?
does it scratch up the feet of your mice ?
would this file cabinet be sturdy enough to hold a scanner printer on top of it ?
does this screw into the wall or just hang from hooks ?
is this paper glossy ?
are these # 2 hb pencils ?
is this comes with wooden stick to hold the butcher roll ?
where does the headset jack go ? can it plugged to a handset ?
is this printer compatible with macs ( 2014 model , running yosemite ) ? and does it have wireless capability , please ?
is this heavy weight
reliability ?
will this cord fit cannon 1800
can you use this on act & sat & ap ?
will it work with skype ?
how is the speakerphone quality on these phones ?
is there a speakerphone on the base , as well as the handset ?
what does it weigh ?
is the adhesive on the flap or on the body of the bag ?
does it work with kx-tg7641 set ?
does anyone know if this phone can be used as a replacement handset ?
does this phone have a headset jack ?
how do i use the `` caller id '' function to block calls
do the numbers stay lit up long ?
can i just buy this phone and use it as my primary and only land line phone in the house ?
is the body and cap a metal material
what are the dimensions ?
can you disable the printer from reading the chip ?
what color is the ink in the pen ?
we have uverse . will it work on that system ?
what is the ren for this phone ?
how long distance this wireless pagers works from the main transmitter ?
does the printer come with toner ?
where can i find 4-up cardstock perforated paper that fits in these pockets ?
can you disassemble this easily for packing ?
what are the base and casters made out of ?
so this product is water , fire , and theft proof ?
does this support having the laptop fully upside down so you can lay on your back and look up at the screen ?
how long is the cord ?
does other brands of notepad ( 8 '' x11 '' ) fit this portfolio ?
are the envelopes coloured or white ?
does it come with the paper and cartridge when you first purchase it ?
can the esp 2170 be connected to the computer with a usb cable ?
does this phone work when the power is out ?
is the printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
does this automatically connect to an existing base ?
are these full size notebooks ( 8.5 x 11 ) ?
how tall is the overall setup ? what is the maximum height i can move the monitor to ?
i allready have a motorola dect 6 601 series phone with base . will this phone connect to my current base ?
does this phone work with the pulse system ?
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
is this printer compatible with windows 8 ?
does it come with the starter cartridge ? i just wanted to know if i had to buy the toner separately or is it included ?
what are the dimensions of a single refill ? do they match : diameter 4.9 mm , length 12.5 mm ?
how much does the stool weigh ?
can you scan from this unit ?
when i try to print on cardstock . it gives me a `` paper jammed '' error message . the paper is n't jammed ; it has n't even gone in yet ! suggestions ?
is the scanner a duplex scanner ?
is this deal worth it or will it just be a pain ?
are the stamp images as pictured on the product ?
what is the size of the basket ? the product description indicates 17 by 16. what is the actual basket size ?
is it possible to print strips of photographs ? like the old photo booths ? does it have in house cutting mechanism ? many
does this scale have a manual reset button or does it go back to zero as soon as you remove the package ?
would this be useful to scan old handwritten wills and administrations for genealogy purposes ?
500 sheets for $ 17.99 . i thought it was for 5 boxes . 2500 sheets . rip off ? 5 9 14
is it possible to connect with an ipad 4 ( w lightning connector ) ?
what is hopper capacity ?
i 've got one , and ca n't get the drawer open . any ideas ?
is it easy to install on tn-450 cartridge ?
does it leave that unwanted bump in the corner of the joined papers like staples do ?
do these pencils come sharpened ?
what is the approximate range from the base to one of the other phones in the system ?
where do you get inserts for this and how hard are they to change out ?
do the clips have teeth or are they smooth ?
will this work with the uniden d1785-3t model
i am a dod id card holder- i usually keep my card in the protective envelope . will the envelope fit in this holder as well as the card ?
could a seven year old use this comfortably ?
is this dual voltage for travel ?
can this software be used on more than one computer ?
is it 220 volts ?
does my computer have to have a cd drive to set it up ?
can this scanner be used by multiple ppl ? ex : could 4 people in our office each dwnld the software & use to sync to their own email accts separately ?
does this phone system include an intercom system ?
can i punch and round more than one paper ? like a whole book ?
can you hang it on the wall or is it just a desk type phone ?
can this cartridge be refilled with powdered toner ?
where can i find an additional hand set to work with this phone ?
were you able to wield the hammer ? did it ever fail ?
how loud is the audible caller id ? approximately how far from the phone can you hear it ?
compatible with hp envy 4500 ?
does it work with an hp deskjet f4480 ?
how high can the chair be adjusted ?
is this is the 75 lb model ?
does this printer produce archival quality images acceptable for museums ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
how fast is the speed of a cut ?
what material are the cups made of ? are they water safe ?
can you draw on the presentation can it act like a live pen ?
are the pockets crooked ? customers who purchased the pockets only said that the pockets were crooked .
does the handset have a mute button ?
does this work for hp photosmart d110 ?
what size cartridges does it use ?
which chalk should i purchase with this board , need to use it for demo next week ?
what is the best coin wrppers to use with the cassida 200 coin counter wrapper
can this gun use both regular and fine needles ?
does it have a kickstand on the back to angle the calculator ?
how many credit cards does it hold ?
it is supposed to work for a 7864dw but a pop up ad says it will not ... will this unit work with the mfc7864dw or not ?
5 ?
how big is the screen ?
do the cushions cover the entire width ( side to side ) of the bottom . if not , how wide are they ?
does this work with 9volt battery or another size ?
you need to sublimate ink for epson this ?
what kind of plastic is this made of ?
what are the measurements
can casters be added to bottom for ease of mobility ?
what is the height of the receiver ? ty .
can i use it for tn360 cartridge ?
does this one compatible with canon mf4880dw printer ?
are they perforatred or doo they have to be cut ?
is the paper lined ?
in the title , it is stated that this has ruby eyes . does this mean real ruby , or fake plastic gemstones ?
i received an `` h-toner type i '' in purple bottles nothing else mentioned on the label . is this the right toner i need for mf4370 ?
is there a place online where i can download programming software ?
is the cork thick enough that pushpins do n't pierce through to the wall ?
is the cork board able to be mounted in both portrait and landscape positions ? or is the board only able to be mounted in one of those styles ?
is this a 2014 calendar ? it doesnt say .
how is the knurling `` grippiness '' ? is the rapid pro pencil like the rapid pro pen , or more like the rotring 600 pencil ?
if a color ink runs out , can you still print black only ?
will this label machine print bold labels ?
is this expandable up to 50 inches ?
will it take the paint off of furniture ''
does it work with the deskjet 3050a ? will the scanner recongize the page that prints out ?
does this resetter work on nd tm dinsink non-oem cartridges ?
what hp printers use hp 60 ink cartridge ?
how is the volume on the handsets ?
will it hold my iphone 4 ?
do the power supplies for the base and handsets work on 100-240 vac or just 120 vac ?
how many cordless handsets can it support ?
where do you buy the refillable pages ?
from what country is this product made ?
will this pen fit through checkbook loops ?
will this work with a 64 byte windows 7 computer ?
does the pen come with a card inside the box for engraving at the montblanc store ?
what is the size of the platform ?
what is the mininum weight that the scale can register ?
are 950 and 950xl interchangeable ?
can you confirm that this combo pack has one each of the cyan , magenta , & yellow color cartridges ?
i have an hp office jet pro 8600. i want to replace the black ink . the hp color is indicated as hp950xl or hp950 . is that the same product you have
is this genuine or refilled ?
how many times have you refilled the *starter* cartridge that came with your hl-2270dw before buying a replacement *cartridge* ?
does this phone have speed dial where you push only one button ?
could this be used on a car ?
what is the overall length of this opener ? blade length ?
a lot of electric sharpeners say they can not be used with colored pencils . can this sharpener be used with colored pencils without getting jammed ?
does the handle come unattached out of the box ?
can the cordless telephone extra handset ringerbe made louder ?
is the cid screen backlit ?
can you use the new chalkboard paint markers on the chalkboard surface ?
how tall is this product . as well what are all the dimensions of this product ?
does this come with a memory card ? and do you need batteries for it ?
is this sold as a set ?
is there a cutter to trim the laminating pouches ?
what comes in the box ? additional cables required ?
what is the height ( floor to top of cabinet ) , width ( right to left across front of cabinet ) , depth ( back of cabinet to front ) ?
is the privacy panel included or has to be order separate ?
do these come in 21 21 for my dell computer ?
what brands of voip phones will the plantronics savi w720 connect with ?
how is the sound quality of the speakerphone ?
is this a speaker phone aswell
i plan to use it to laminate card stock . will that work with this product ?
what size are they
this is for epson l800 and the software where i can find ?
does anyone know compatibility issues ? usb 2.0 . 3.0 , xp vista win7 win 8 , etc ?
i can write small , lol . just need to know id the blank area squares are about 1x1 space ? i think this is similar to what i order for my company last
where is the scanner located ?
there are no ink bundles available that include the gray 226 cartridge . does this printer need the gray ink cartridges to function ?
will it work on dymo labelwriter 450 label printer ,
will these write on a black dry-erase board ... or does that require wet-erase markers or neon dry-erase markers only ?
is the adhesive on the front side ?
the printer is working okay for b & w. i have n't tried it for color . when i scan art work from a graphics art program , it has a blue tint ?
is this phone compatible with gigaset sl785
does it print on cd 's and dvd 's ?
does this scanner work on windows 7 ?
can this printer be powered with the computer 's usb port ?
what are the dimensions of each pocket
can these be printed on with an inject printer ?
are the name plates all the same size
where is the paper loaded and how many sheets does it hold
work on mac ?
i have a label making program that does n't have this avery no . in it 's file ( old program , but works great ) could you tell what size the stickers are ?
how easy are these labels to remove ?
what paper can you order that fits this ?
does this work well with google drive ?
is it compatable with the dell inspiron ? i have windown7 .
does it print on legal size paper ?
do the wheels lock ?
after printing an evelope , i ca n't get back to letter printing . can i download a manual ?
does this use usb plug to your pc so i can start to dial in and recieve calls with my voip account ?
is it battery operated only ?
does the m160 have the same issues as the m140 with drivers ?
i do not have a wireless card in my computer therefore no wireless capability . can you use this printer with a cable connection to your computer ?
does this come with cord and stand ?
my color ink cartridge ran out of ink , but my black ink is still full . how can i get the printer to just print in black .
is this printer compatible with a mac ?
the print head is jammed all the way to the left and wo n't budge , how can unjam it ?
if one color cartridge is empty will the printer still print black ?
can you refill the ink cartridges yourself ?
self-cleaning ink daily ? jams constantly ? not detecting the new ink cartridge ?
could i use this for paperwork ? mail , etc . is it a solid surface between each drawer ? would it hold files in it ?
are these checks compatible with envelope size # 9 with the double-window ?
how to connect it to skype ?
does it come in the box it shows in the picture ?
this thing sucks -- ca n't get the cartridges to fit into the pen - useless any help ?
how many feet of tape on a role ?
is this black or cyan ink ... it has black ink in the title but mentions cyan ink in the description .
my question is about the actual color i am not familiar with wind oak , is the product color closer to the picture dark oak , or is it a lighter color ?
how to copy 11x17
do these seats bolt up to the standard 4 bolt jon boat or bass hunter type seat frames ?
what version of abby pdf converter does this include with this package
will this fit on my side by side fridge ?
will this kit fill the color ones as well , if i buy the color ink ?
does this come in the waterman box ? ( i 'm looking to give as a gift ) and is it a `` screw '' top ?
is it compatible with windows 8.1 64 bit ? can you also tell me the copying resolution , dpi ?
can headphones be used ?
will it fit in image class d560 d530 ?
if i need to print on glossy paper ; do i still use the normal ink cartridge or is there special one for printing pictures on glossy ?
will this print if one of the other cartridges is out of ink ?
can you feed single sheets ( like a piece of letterhead , or an envelope ) without having to remove the paper tray and reloading it ?
my printer recently stopped scanning to email . how can i reset it to scan to email again ?
what material is the seat made of : ?
can you fill ink from a bottle ?
will this scanner work on a wireless network ?
will it print from an ipad ?
will this ink work in my pro 915
how many phone numbers can be saved in the phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
what file does this save things as ? pdf ? jpg ? can i change that ?
is this desk chair mat recommended for plush carpet ?
how many ink cartridges ?
what is the specific item number of each cartridge in the epson complete ink cartridge set for epson stylus photo 3880 printer ?
copies are too light
i want to purchase a wireless printer for copies i can make from ipad iphone and laptop . is this the right one ?
is this a 2d scanner ?
is it wireless and can it enlarge and reduce
will it shred those amex offers that have the `` sample '' credit card in them without me having to open the envelope ?
does this printer come with pre-installed color and black cartridges ?
photo printing on a letter size paper ? is it acceptable and useable to show to relatives and friends ?
can you draw on these ? would sharpies work ?
is installation difficult
does this come with the ink cartridges , since it is being sold as used ?
what comes with the printer besides the printer , any accessories ?
will this print barcodes ?
will this product be sturdy enough to hold a 23 inch monitor steadily when the legs fully extended ?
does it have a chalk holder on the board ?
maximum extension
are these original lexmark items ?
i recently received a office pro 4000 , will shutting off printer between use help save the ink life ?
how many envelopes can be stacked for printing on this printer
does the printer come with a cartridge ( starter or standard ) ?
does this printer come with a warranty ?
do you have to replace the color ink at the same time as the black ink ?
what are the differences between the canon pg 240xl and canon pg 240 non-xl ? o.o
what printers is this compatible with ? i have a lexmark impact s301..will it work ?
how many telephones can i hook up to this system ? i 'm confused as to how to go out to individual telephones .
does this printer print well to gloss 32lb laser paper ( for catalogs ) ?
do you except paypal ?
how does the info get to the software is it wifi or eithernet cable ?
work with a mac ?
is there call waiting ?
does this calculator have 10 key functionality ?
mexican pesos ?
what is included in the set ?
mounted to my desk does this go up and down or just in and out ?
does this phone announce the name of the caller ?
do these take standard poe , or do they need a custom injector ?
does the envelope feeder come with an hp one-year warranty ?
can it print and cut out stickers ?
will this ink work with a canon mg5220 cartridges 225 , 226 ? also , do these go in the same way . i mean are they regular cartridges ?
does this printer print on transparencies ?
do the hanging files slide easily ?
is this product guaranteed to be new ? does it come with the full manufacturer 's warranty ?
are the days of the week written on the left side and spaces to write the 6 subjects across the top ? are there lines in each box to write on ?
how many files does this hold ?
how good is the print quality ?
will this work with the ayava 18d model phone system ? we have cat 6 internet . what would the difference be between using our existing phone vs voip ?
how many forms come in this pack ?
is it magnetic
why would i need two sets ?
does this gun do the circle loop tags too ?
is the scanner wand sold separately ?
for people that have this ? how good is it ? or shoud i get another one ?
will it support digital telephone connections ?
will this copier work wirelessly with a linksys e3000 n router
i bought these and the colors came out ok , but know the ink has leaked in my printer and in hands when removed . also it doesnt print colors in the picture.is that normal ?
any one else 's clasp too tight for the shirt pocket ?
are they for both laser and inkjet printers ?
are they sealed on all three sides with only the top open
are these labels as thick as the avery labels and able to completely hide any old labels behind them ?
can the stamp have 4 lines ?
what material is it made of ?
does have network connections ? ethernet ?
can you delete picture before you use photo paper ?
can someone reccomend a good black ink cartridge for this pen ?
do they come sharpen
what does it weigh ?
anyone know of a translator that i can type in a sentence in english , and have it display a spanish translation of my sentence ?
can i empty a eggshell and fill it with something else with those needles ?
what is the size
the cartridge i 'm replacing says : parker t-ball refill l9 medium ... .will this fit my old parker ?
what size are the strips ? i am quilling and like the 1 8 '' wide strips the best as they make everything look delicate and lacey ?
is samsung mlt-d104s works for ml-1865w ?
is this cart easy to assemble and disassemble for traveling purposes ?
does this work with mac computer and android cellphone ?
is there a confirmation tone when the bar code is read ?
is this compatible with the ipad mini ?
did anyone else ever receive ink past the expiry date ? i ca n't believe i just received my 932 black and it 's almost a year past expiry ! 1 16 15
will it print in black if you leave the empty color cartridge in or does the color cartridge have to have ink in it '
what is the best document management software to use with scanner ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
does it support macintosh computers ? what about ipad printing ?
works on linux ?
can copics be used on this paper without damage and or bleed through ?
just to be clear , is a projector needed for this remote , or can i use the remote directly with my laptop ?
could i add this tray to the hp8600 base model ?
does the hardware come off completely so it can be just a plain piece of glass or is it built into it ?
can i use xl catrige for this printer ?
will these work on the zp500 ?
is it an analog system ?
hi there . so do i need the original cartridges ? no need to make a hole ? this packages do the thing ? ty .
i am 5'4 '' and even while wearing 3 '' heels my feet do not even touch the floor with the chair at the lowest setting - am i doing something wrong ?
will this accept 11x17 paper
in this pack do you get 2 drawers or 1 ?
what are the dimensions ?
what is its lowest vertical height ?
does this toner cartridge work with samsung ml 2160 laser printer ?
i have a new dell 23 '' ( about 24 lbs . ) all-in-one computer and want to mount it to a wall - will this product do that ?
how is the quality of the leather ?
does the scanner continue to function when the toner runs out ?
does it handle envelopes well ?
photo printing on a letter size paper ? is it acceptable and useable ?
how well does it print on 100lb card stock or cover stock ?
can you print on 100 lb cover stock ? that 's 83 m weight , > 216 gsm ? and does it create a curl in the printed sheet ?
how quickly will this scan an 11 x 17 document ( 1 bit line-art ) ?
will the document glass hold legal paper ? 8.5 x 14
is it number 2 ? or more broadly , will it work on standardized tests ?
is the back of this desk make of wood or cardboard ?
is this printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
is there enough space by each family member to document birth & death dates & location , occupation , military service or another notable information ?
what is the resolusion of the scaned digital photo ?
do you have to buy an eye fi card ?
what is the largest size negative the wolverine negative tray accept
will it work on a f2d20 20mp scanner ?
does the caller id display the name of who is calling in addition to the number ?
it seems to be only one left in stock . could you please provide color pattern and nib size ?
i loved this scanner . high quality for saving old photos etc . need 30 pin to lightning adapter for ipad air but now ios 8-what 2 do ?
how does the envelope feed work ? do you have to take paper out of the paper tray or is there a separate envelope feeder ?
how do use the paper holder on top of printer
is this compatible with windows 8
does the back of the chair move or is it stationary ? meaning will it recline back a little bit ?
is this compatible for ibm wheelwriter model 6781 ?
is there a wall-hanging feature with any of the handsets or base station ?
does it have a find it detector ?
can the talking caller id be shut off and just use one that you can look down and see who is calling ?
has anyone used these phones with an ooma telo phone system ? if so , what is voice quality & does incoming caller id function properly ?
how does the image get to your computer ? do you just treat the scanner as a drive and save it that way ?
do you have to send your files to a cloud service or can they be loaded directly to your computer ?
why does the item shown on image say 'world card pro ' ? but the title listed to sell it say penpower card scanner ? is it a worldcard pro or not ?
is this for sure english to spanish and also spanish to english ?
does this work well with fountain pens ?
how accurate is this scale in the 1-13 ounce range
which is the maximum thickness that it can cut ?
will it work in casio se-g1sc
i bought this desk and have had many others in the office admire it . one draw back is that it seems to shake as i type key . is there a solution ?
what is the difference between the ( 2 ) ergotron workfit model # 'sl 33-350-200 & 33-351-200
i only have 16 inches of space . is the first dimension given the width ?
can the font be in times new roman ?
do these roll well on hardwood floors or are they a little difficult to roll ?
just opened the unit , it powers on , but the lcd is just a blue blank screen ... shows nothing . anything else had a similar problem ?
will this desk fit a 10inch ( width ) laptop and a 12inch ( width ) mpk49 on the main desk surface ?
can the paper be printed on with a digital printer ?
how many minutes of shredding before the motor is overheated ?
does the toner cartridge come with the printer ?
includes parker pen adapters ?
can you turn off the phone ringer ?
i am thinking about purchasing the d3097 but i ca n't tell if the phone itself is very large ?
will this work with base model crl-82312 ?
does ths phone have an answering system ?
are the numbers large and easy to read ? looking for a phone for my 93 year old grandmother who has trouble with her sight
what are the `` 2 non-standard batteries required '' ? will phone work in a power failure ?
how many envelope come in a one pack
can i overlap the 2 side monitors bezals with the middle monitor ? to make the bezals between the screens to be smaller ?
how many keys does it come with ?
does it have duplex scanning ?
does the cart roll easily when being pushed rather than pulled ? also , i walk a mile to the grocery store ... will the wheels hold up ?
can the obi202 voip adapter also attach to my home phone ?
will this printer work with a laptop via usb port ?
is the document feeder reversing to support scanning or copying two-sided originals in one pass ?
page yield ?
what is the dimension of the step when it is set up ( not when it is folded ) ?
what are the adjustable heights ?
the hinge on my late 2009 27 '' imac stand has failed and my monitor now droops . i have to use the apple vesa adapter kit . will this stand work for me ?
is it compatible with mac ? does it works with prezi presentations ?
does it play sound on youtube videos ?
you have two different dimentions listed for this product ( 4 x 1 x 1 inches and 1.75 '' x 0.5 '' x 0.25 ) what is the actual size of the badge ?
are the pages lined ?
do i need to buy a usb cord for this printer ?
dimensions are 24 x 40 x 24 , size is 20 x 20 x 34. please explain , which is accurate ?
are the buttons plastic or rubber , and can you store your own formulas ?
what is the weight limit ?
for those who have owned this machine , how significant is the toner odor ?
will a ce505x replace ce505a in a laser jet 2035 ?
i want to laminate folder games . can this do it ?
i am looking for an extra set of keys for large cash drawer hs-410a2 that was purchased last year . have misplaced set i got with drawer . do you have
what is the part number ?
will it fit the 3540 ?
does it have a number directory or just the five speed dial options ?
anybody find the ink flow sporadic ?
is this pen good for calligraphy ? can anyone post a picture of how well they can get it to work for calligraphy ?
how tall is the board once put together ?
are these really 8.5 '' x 11 '' ?
will it make an extension by just plugging into an electrical outlet and programming - and have speaker phone on this model ?
i heave the main phone which works perfectly well but the other three that came with the package , do not . is there a way i can just purchase the three phones rather than the set with the main component which i dont really need i heave the main phone which works perfectly well but the other three that came with the package , do not . is there a way i can just purchase the three phones rather than the set with the main ... » read more i heave the main phone which works perfectly well but the other three that came with the package , do not . is there a way i can just purchase the three phones rather than the set with the main component which i dont really need « show less
when the scanner is in the base does it automatically scan without having to press the trigger ?
ordered an extension rca dect 6.0 accessory handset rca-h5401re1 . but it does n't work with this unit . what extesion does ?
i only have two lines currently , will this phone work ?
one more question before i hit the ad to cart button.i am hearing impaired.is the ringer loud ?
can it run with batteries , or does it need power from a wall wart ?
will this wor
will this corded phone work when the power goes out as long as our telephone service is still up ?
what is the ring like on this phone .
does the uniden dect model 3098 handset have speaker phone and headset plug ?
will this phone be able to direct incoming call to leave messages for 4 employees that are not available at the time of call ?
if i type in a sentence of my own in english , will it translate to spanish ?
can these be used in the post it pens as refills ?
does this work with hp 400 model 425dn ?
does it come with everything needed to mount it to a window ?
i have a dell 964 aio and it is not compatible with my new dell w windows 7. is this printer compatible w windows 7 ?
what are the dimensions of each sheet ? apparently one is 12 '' -- call it the `` width '' , then is the `` length '' something like 19 '' like the photo implies ?
what if i need more than one handset ? do i keep purchasing this same model , base and all ?
can you cable this printer to computer or must you use wi-fi wireless ?
will this piston work on viva office high back office chair ?
will this accommodate a 24 '' monitor in portrait mode ?
what type printer cable does it take ?
do these casters really glide smoothly on 1 2 ' pile carpet ?
power cord ?
does it have a voltage selector 110v 230v ?
will the base phone work with my existing phones ?
what is the mfg part number ?
can anyone give me an estimate on how much weight a single tab can hold , how how to tabs spaced 6 inches apart ?
my brother printer says to use tn-750 , but i do n't see my model , which is a hl-5440d . is this just a newer model .
with the already included pouches , is one able to laminate such smaller items as a driver 's license , social security and medicare cards ?
i saw someone use this without a carrier , is that ok. if not can you just use a folded piece of paper ?
can you laminate an 8 1 2 x 11 sheet of paper and then cut it into halves or quarters with decent results ?
what are the dimensions of this box ?
any problems with standby battery life ?
does this book also include monthly calendar on a 2-page spread ?
does this phone work with google voice ?
which keep falling apart from the stick when moving . how can i solve this problem ?
do you need tools to essemble the cart ?
does it have an usb slot so you can scan directly to a memory stick ?
help !
my hp laserjet 100 m175 printer has started printing very small dots in the toner colors in the far right margin . does anyone know how to fix this ?
how clear is the speaking voice
what is its size ?
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
does this item have a lip that fits under the desk itself , or is it just a rectangle ?
can i print photos using a flash drive ? also , what size paper does it use ? 4x6 , 5x7 and 8x10 ?
i have slides that use the same size holder as the 35mm but the slide is almost as large as the holder . will scanner be able to scan whole slide ?
where are the images scanned to ? the computer hard drive ? sd card ? the computer has to be on ?
will it work with the mfc8710dw
can this do multiple lines ( like say write an address like on an address label ) ?
does it drain your toner even without or very little use ? i have an old dell color laser printer that i had for 3 years and still using the starter toner because i print just a few pages a month . i do the same with the samsung and the toner is now empty after 6 months with probably less than 100 pages being printed . does it drain your toner even without or very little use ? i have an old dell color laser printer that i had for 3 years and still using the starter toner because i print just a few pages a month ... » read more does it drain your toner even without or very little use ? i have an old dell color laser printer that i had for 3 years and still using the starter toner because i print just a few pages a month . i do the same with the samsung and the toner is now empty after 6 months with probably less than 100 pages being printed . « show less
how stiff floppy is this.need to put a 2 sided daily checklist & use felt dry erase pen to check off items then erase and reuse it .
cartridge included ?
what diameter is the seat ?
does it cover the 2014 nec ?
do the cordless handsets have a 2.5 jack for a headset ?
does this ink work in the mg 6200 printer ?
is the legal pad pocket large enough for a 9x12 pad ?
keep getting no toner left message in lbp6030w . what to do ?
what is the very lowest height of this computer tray table ?
will the cp400 paper cassette work with the cp800 selphy
how are you supposed to sit in front of the desk when it has bottom shelf ? where would your feet go ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
does this scanner come with any software for file management ?
can i pair my bluetooth headset with the obibt ? so that i can use my bluetooth headset instead of a traditional phone to make calls over voip ?
will this copier work with out a computer ?
does this check book have the '' plastic '' to separate duplicate checks ?
how many pages per letter tab ?
mg5320
can you feed multiple pages at once for scanning ?
can you punch holes on report covers that are made of plastic ?
is dual side printing automatic ? i.e . no hands ?
how long does starter cartridge last
am i able to fax multiple pages at once ( up to 50 pages to one fax number at a time ? is this able to send and receive faxes using a telephone line ?
what sort of experiences ( good and bad ) have owners had with remanufactured or compatible toners . what i want to find is whether there is a reliable supplier seller of good aftermarket toner cartridges for this printer . what sort of experiences ( good and bad ) have owners had with remanufactured or compatible toners . what i want to find is whether there is a reliable supplier seller of good aftermarket toner ... » read more what sort of experiences ( good and bad ) have owners had with remanufactured or compatible toners . what i want to find is whether there is a reliable supplier seller of good aftermarket toner cartridges for this printer . « show less
do you have the dimensions if this pager ?
why my royal p70 sharpener will not sharpen my pencils to a point ?
could these be used on hide ? would you be able to wash off the hide by using a grease busting soap ?
is this compatible with the lexmark genesis s816
how long and wide does it measure ?
are these compatible with the epson stylus photo rx580 ?
mac compatable
can you tell me how good the epson tech support service is ?
can this printer enlarge and reduce images when used in the copier mode ?
is it as simple as speaking into it and it translates into target language or do you have to select a phrase stored in memory ?
can i speak a word in english and get back a translation in french or must i input via a keyboard ?
how big is this device i need to know the size
can you put a plastic bag in it to collect the paper and make it easier for disposal ?
how quiet is this shredder compared to the 79ci ?
does this phone have a battery back up ? will i be able to use it if the power goes out ?
can the phone connect to a headset ?
how do i print only using black cartridges ?
i just wanted to make sure this terminal is unlocked ?
great printer for images , what if i wnt to use it for 8.5 x 11 plain text docs ? also can it be set to print black only & still print ?
i see that this printer does not have red ink , how well does it handle red tones ?
can this scan multiple pages into one document or multiple pages into individual documents ?
are these regular or high yield ?
does this ink work in a mfcj650dw ?
what is the expiration date ?
i have the mfcj870dw wireless color inkjet printer , will this cartridge work with my printer ?
does it do 1-pass 2-sided scanning when using the flatbed , or only with the adf ?
does it turn on and start showing the message automatically when plugged in ?
can anyone tell me if this is quite or noisy ? please .
my clock does n't have a vs button . it has these five buttons : set , up , down , on off , resethow do i set it so the so the time is always showing ?
can i scan 35 mm film in rolls ?
is the table tilted or flat
is it new and does it come in its swarovski box ?
is this printer mac os compatible ?
does it print on canvas ?
could you please let me know big it is ? does it fit on a pocket ?
what size is this planner ?
does it have place on both ends for drivers license ?
is it pocket size ? will it fit in jeans pockets ?
lowest height from floor to top of the seat ?
i really like this cabinet ... but can someone confirm that this is exactly 16 inch deep ?
i have installed the pcl driver , but can not print wirelessly . what have i done wrong ?
what is the font ?
what kind of bulb does it need ?
can you use it in bed ?
will this work with the scx_3400 serie
does it work with 6plus ?
does this come ready to use with needle and clear barbs ?
is this product usefull to wrap the luggage and dispacht it in the airport ?
are all four inks dye based .
where can i find the instruction manual for this calculator ?
did the swingline start smoking ?
why does it beep ?
what bags do you use with this shredder ?
i just ordered the red , but it does n't show or say i ordered the red ? what color address book will i be receiving ?
can it take 230 volts , 50 hz as mains input ?
is the 26 inch height with or without casters ?
does it have a mute video or screen black function ?
does the ps50 scan both sides of a 2-sided document , say a postcard with writing on the back ?
does hd 277 cartridge have expiration chip built-in ? hopefully not .
can individual photos on a page with multiple photos on it ?
is the xp-850 an `` air printer '' - so it automatically will print from an ipad ?
does this pen comes in the box ?
will this cartridge fit a scx-3405sw ?
i have the mfc 8710dw.. the toner is brother tn750 toner cartridge . is tyours going to be compatible with mine ?
will the frixion gel refills fit a dr grip pen ?
are there separate color ink cartridges ( 1 for each color ? ) . can you use generic replacement cartridges ?
does the easel come with more than two pegs ?
what refill for ink cartridges for epson xp-300 ? at walmart they asked if it was 68 or 69 model ? what does this mean ?
does it print duplex
what is the diameter of the central upright pole please ?
does this printer use the same toner cartridge as the lexmark e232 printer ?
does this come with ink ?
does anyone know the resolution ?
how are the pictures numbered , when the unit is shut down does it start numbering over when doing more scans ?
will these work ok in an x8350 ?
what head set do i need
are the pages alphabatized
is it compatible with the samsung clp-310 printer ?
i would like to buy 5 cases ( 250 rolls ) . can i get free shipping ?
do the sheets have perforated edges so that we can tear it out ?
picture quality ?
is it expandable to 8 lines and is it a 2 line capable ?
are the 920xl compatible with hp 6500a printer ?
do these cartridges come with the chips on them ?
i bought the hd2 and think the battery life is terrible . what is the typical talk-time and standby time ?
approximately how many standard id cards are able to fit in these ?
is this stable when working on a hard surface ?
does it support airprint ?
can i print film positives with this printer ?
can you disable the missed call notification ?
how do i personalize this item ?
this item use battery ?
does it have a stapler ?
does this battery operated pencil sharpener sharpen pencils the way electric pencil sharpeners would ?
i have a canon mf4800 . the cartridge says it 's # 128. i just wanted to double check if this 3-pack cartridge will work for this printer ?
how many hats does this hold
is this actually a brother brand item or is it just a `` compatible '' item ?
does this print and cut and is it mac compatible ?
do they work in the hp deskjet 2540 ?
the panasonic set we now have temporarily mutes the conversation on line one when the second line rings . does this set do that ?
are the installed ink cartridges starter cartridges , or are they the full ink versions .
is it still wireless and is it compatible iphone and ipad
does the 476 and 576 printers support the 2-sided to 2-sided copying function ?
can you duplex documents ?
can it scan color docs ?
how is this printer 's photo quality ?
compatable with windows 7 ?
the pos wireles is ? operate in venezuela .
will it work for wf-2540 with 200i and 200 cartridges ?
what ink does it take ?
what capacity ?
does it print good quality photos ?
do you have to keep the door open all the time or does it remind you to open it when you want to print ?
does the software allow printing of different size pictures on one 8x10 photo-paper . ie 2 wallets , 2 3x5 , and 1 5x7 rather than 4 4x6 of same image ?
is ths user friendly for one with limited tech knowledge ?
do the jurnal come with a fount pen ? i got one abot 2 yeas a go and it did ?
what does the xl stand for ?
do all these work on the pixma mg5420 ?
can this be used when lying in bed with hard cover and paperback books ?
long periods of time my elbows resting on the wooden desk top really get sore . will this mat give any cushion ?
can i adjust the power down hibernation setting so the gun stays on longer ? what are the options ?
can this print either customer receipts or journal tape ?
does this work for laser mice ?
will legal size paper fit in this tray ?
can i use westcott axis ipoint evolution electric heavy duty pencil sharpener in australia ( 220 v ) ?
i am confused-is it a single unit with 8 colors that can be puchased as one unit - but as each color runs out you replace only the color that is out ?
does this work on hp office jet 8000 , not the wireless model ?
is it possible to lock this with a pad lock ?
do you need anything other then this scanner to scan from say your vehicle ?
does it have a warranty an if so how long ?
my printer gives an error message saying that the cartridge is non-hp so the printer will not work . printer is officejet 8500
what pin connector does it use ?
so ... if you 're already so bad at losing your keys that you need to get one of these , how do you not loose the transmitter ?
is the leather that cheesy hard bonded leather , or is it a soft supple glove leather ?
how thick is this with just the pad inside ?
if i only want counts of 100 can i set it up to stop at 100 ?
what is the ink tank volume in milliliter ( ml ) ?
my cd dvd in my computer is broken . will i be able to download everything i might need from cannon 's website ?
will it still print black & white if the color cartridge is empty ?
is there a monthly or annual fee to use this , like magic jack has ? mj is $ 20 per year . is this essentially the same thing as magic jack ?
how long does the battery last ?
can you change menu language , if yes - which languages available or can you update language list ?
how do you load and use this ? no instructions !
does all cables and extras include in this package ? how do you set it up ? does it require any extra item for it to work besides ipad ?
what are the measurments ?
is this scanner suitable for scanning photos as well as documents ?
can this pen translate from english to persian ( farsi ) ?
how many pounds can a box hold
how many ink cartridges ?
is this reflective or shiny ?
is this just one box ?
how big is the box ?
how many shirts on a average could this print ?
why would one need 4 syringes ?
does it fit the canon mg6320 ?
my samsung scx 3405w is new and the starter cartridge is almost gone at 440 copies . will the starter cartridge take the whole 65 grams of your toner powder which is for printing 1500 pages or will i need to purchase a new regular cartridge first ? my samsung scx 3405w is new and the starter cartridge is almost gone at 440 copies . will the starter cartridge take the whole 65 grams of your toner powder which is for printing 1500 pages or will ... » read more my samsung scx 3405w is new and the starter cartridge is almost gone at 440 copies . will the starter cartridge take the whole 65 grams of your toner powder which is for printing 1500 pages or will i need to purchase a new regular cartridge first ? « show less
the screen appears to be in chinese . can an englisher speaking person use this device not knowing chinese ?
what is it made of ?
is this unit emv compatible ?
how short can this stand be ? i want one 11 x 2 1 2. is this one close ?
does it come with a holder to scan 110 and 126 negatives as they are much smaller than 35mm ?
do these come off easily ( are they `` removable '' ) ? do they leave behind residue ?
does the stand come with the pack ?
what are the dimensions ?
how long is the shelf life of this toner ? does it `` go bad '' or last indefinitely ?
will these work for the hp photosmart 7515 ?
is it compatible with hp photosmart c309a
what happens if people forget to punch in out . will it compute other shifts still or simply not calculate totals
is this one silver ?
do you have to keep track of which handset goes with which base ? or are they all interchangeable ?
what kind of power adapter do i need to buy for this ?
can you use a speaker that uses bluetooth with this projector ?
do you think it would work for someone who is only 5 ' tall ?
time keeps changing from daylight savings back to standard as soon as you receive a call . how do you correct ?
does it have an automatic paper feeder ?
will this work with the 7110 wide format ?
is the quality really 20 mp ?
does this cartridge have a high yield ?
what do you mean by black light ? if i use them on paper , will they glow in the dark ?
is it black and green like in the picture ?
will this sit on an exercise bike ?
this box work with samsung phones ?
how do you select the color ?
can i buy this phone from amazon and have it configured by my voip provider remotely ?
does it work with kx-tg7731 ?
does this have a jack for a headset ?
is this phone turqoise in color , and do you plug it in ?
would these fit an underwood champion ?
i received the 'essentials ' today.. however there were no instruction or paperwork to tell me how to access the digital download that is advertised ?
can i print via usb cable ?
is there a way to de-activate the motion ?
does it work with new united states $ 100 bills ?
how long this defender pad is effective ? what if this pad sucked up all the electric magnatic field , where does it store emf next ? how this systems
does this come with 4 brocade , or 2 brocade and 2 pinstripe ?
are batteries included ?
is this postage printer compatible with usps & ups ,
has anyone used this printer with card stock ? 80lb or 110lb ?
is this a genuine oem brother replacement unit , or a generic brand `` compatible '' part ?
how easy can you access the inside of this machine for paper jams ?
the mf8580cdw is more expensive . i am wondering why .
does this phone have a intercom button ? or do you have to push some other buttons to get to the intercom ?
does it come with ink cartridges , any accessories ' gloss photo paper ect ... ?
does dymo labels work with this printer ?
does this use slp-2rlh labels and slp-flw labels ?
do the key and display backlights on the base stay lit during a power outage ?
i understand it will accept 3mil or 5mil pouches , but how thick an an object can you feed into the machine ?
i just bought an obi200 . how do you hook up a canon fax all-in-one machine with my att dect phone answering machine ?
what does the 'xl ' mean on hp61xl ink cartridges ?
does the 3512 do multi-page scans into a single file ?
what are the dimensions ?
is it a gloss finish when heated ?
will it bolt to a wall ?
monitor height appears too low in all pictures . can monitor midpoint be at eye level to avoid neck strain ?
can i see an actual page from the planner ?
there is no usb cable in the box , what a ridiculous that you can not use it when this item delivered home ... what type of this usb cable ?
jam
is it compatible with mac ?
does my computer need to have a cd dvd drive in order to install and setup the printer or can be done without one ?
will any cordless phone work with the router or do you have to have special phones ?
please i want to know if it will work with ecuadorian dollar quarter coins ?
is the nib removable ? if i wanted in the future to remove the ef nib and replace it with the italic nib , is that possible ?
do they come with envelopes ?
will this unit work while on the charger
can you select to only use black toner when printing in black and white ?
will it print from an ipad and iphone ? does it scan double-sided ?
does a usb cable come with this ?
is the clip on the pencil metal or plastic ?
what is the size 0f each one ?
what are the dimensions of this planner ?
what is the actual size of the planner ? everyone says small , but how many inches actually .
can you reverse the door to have it open on left ?
can i use on inkjet printer ?
is this a vvx 400 or a vvx 410 model ?
will it work with the epson workforce wf-2540 ?
can i use cartridges ?
what model and item # are the cartriges ?
i waii want to get this for an old remington standard typewriter but when i measured the reels are 3x3.would these work ?
does this dayminder supplied by amazon have english & french for the days ?
i sent this to my mom and she says that there 's a sticker saying something like : `` this device can not be used until it is registered ... '' what is that ?
what nib size is this fountain pen ?
can this cut letters that are 0.5 '' h ?
will this planner stay open to a month if left so on a flat surface ?
does this come with a document filing system software ? how do you organize the documents you scan so that you can find them later ?
does it come with a power cable ? , or is it only battery operated ?
can this drawer come with anchors or brackets . is so , could you please provide description and location of brackets .
does this come with 2 keys ?
does it annouce the caller ?
is this handset compatible with the cl8303 cordless system ?
would i be able to do smaller books -- -- -say a 3 x 5 book or maybe even a 2 x 4 book ?
how about the refills kit for this ciss ? i ca n't find it in amazon ? how many copies of a4 it can print with 100cc ?
can this be used as sip-t20 extension ?
how long of a sheet of paper will it cut ?
does this have a photo tray ?
what is the height the cylinder will lift the chair ? i need one that will lift the seat of the chair from the the base about 23 inches . help
is this barcode scanner mfi ( made of ipod apple certified ) - so that it can be used as an input device for a custom app ?
dose this automatically stop when the wrappers get full of coins ?
how many credit cards can this case hold ?
how many cards does it hold ?
i have mf4770n laser printer . is this ( eps replacement canon 128 ( 3500b001 ) black toner cartridges ) would fit my printer ? is this right kind ?
do the drawers have hang rails ?
does it have the choice of rpn , textbook or algebraic data entry like the hp50 ?
comes with full set of standard toner what does that mean ?
are these the round clear stickers ?
what does the rapid led flash mean ?
does it microshread cd 's or just the paper ?
will these fit a noble jinhao 8802 ?
to be sure , according to the photo , this item contains refill pages for all 365 days in 2014 and the monthly dividers ?
i have a canon mx920 , these cartridges , its chips are recognized and working good with mx920 ?
are these cartidges compatible for pixma mg2420 ?
are these complete sets for pixma mx 922 ?
does this item come with ink in the reserve or does ink need to be purchased separately before use ?
just to be sure , is this the 2014 calendar ?
what size is it ? will it sit on a desk ?
says its portable . what does that mean ? when you must use it with a computer or tablet ? does it have a memory ?
how many pages does this come with ?
can this be used with internet and be pci compliant ? or just land line ?
what is the measurements for this shopping cart is this cart regular size or is it a mini shopping cart
are these suitable and will they hold tight enough to use to put on my dogs collar to hold her id tags ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
nomorobo does n't list phone power as compatible . has anyone been successful using phone power with nomorobo ?
does this board have hooks so i can hang it ?
do the pillows come with the loveseat ? if not , where can you get them ?
is this wire bound ?
does this product have plastic sleeves in front back covers ?
is this the cartridge needed for model ip-p28-vp ?
so it is for 2014 and it goes through jan 2015 ? just making sure .
what is the cover made of ? is it water proof .
is this available for 2014 ? if so , how do we request that when ordering ? thnak you
how much space is each daily square ?
what is the cover made of ?
i 'd like to post this calendar on my fridge . does it come with magnets ?
what color is the ink on the calendar , in the picture it appears to be pink ?
is this 8 wide by 11 long ?
when i ordered this product # 061-685y it came in a pack of 3. i only ordered 1 .
does this refill contain an address refill ?
does this have an address in the back as this item had previously when i purchased it in 2012 ?
how long does the ink last compared to normal pens ?
is this scanner compatible with mac os x ?
is this the 2014 full year refill pages in classic size ?
does this include the monthly tabs as well ?
is this a full toner or more like the 'starter ' toner yield ?
where is the ink , i bought the pen but there was no ink
what are the dimensions of this item ?
will this shredder handel unopened junk mail
how big is the label slot on the spine of the binder ?
can you remove the label off the wooden frame ?
how easily is it pressed ?
would it be possible to remove the arm from the post or is it permanently molded ?
will this size fir franklin covey 's compact binder ?
if i order 2 or 3 sets , can i ensure the numbers on the tickets wo n't repeat ?
will it work with mg5520 ?
do you sell the replacement motors and bulbs ?
will it print wireless
can you print out document files like pdf 's ?
has anyone encountered the auto document feeder ( adf ) reporting a paper jam error when scanning , even when there is n't a paper jam ?
i have an 8.5 '' x 17 '' vinyl label sheet . can i print on the label with full printing ? media size says 14 '' maximum so 17 '' wont work ?
is this printer compatible with windows 8 ?
i have a macbook air ( osx 10.10.2 ) is your software compatible at this time ?
is it compatible with a mac ?
does this stand have the capability to hold a 15 pound , 29 inch monitor ?
can this phone be mounted on a wall ?
can a 40 '' poster actually fit when the product is fully expanded ? or does the full 40 '' extension of the product only refer to the exterior dimensions ?
is there a way to repeat ?
will it print with only black ink only if the color cartridges run out of ink ?
do any of the phones have an 3.5 jack ? can you `` pair '' a dect6.0 ( `` bluetooth style ) headset to them ? what is the purpose of the retro handset ?
is it compatable with 2009 dodge challenger srt8 ?
do all headsets announce collar id ?
what 's the maximum weight this can hold ?
why does printer still say `` toner low '' after installing new cartridge ?
what is the difference between the sizes ?
i have a 19 '' dell precision laptop . will this stand accomadate it ?
is it windows terminal compatible ?
does it copy
does this product come with the casio graphing software for windows ( that essentially emulates the calculator on a computer ) ?
can i fit a 9x12 steno pad wired at the top into this instead of a legal pad ? would it be too wide and or would the flap get in the way ?
does this work with a kindle fire hdx ?
is the leather showing any wear ? since it 's fake leather , did the chair smell of chemicals when you bought it ?
i would like to use this chair at counter height . what is the maximum height for this chair ?
instead of the flatbed scanner ?
i wonder what the actual beep sounds like .
are any labels included with this product ?
is this for 2014 ?
will it work on 220v power ?
how many tabs are included in this item ?
would my ipad air fit in the compartment with its survivor case on it or will it only fit a `` naked '' tablet ?
what size is this ?
what is the maximum dpi ?
my event is on the beach , is the ground spike ideal for sand ? will it hold up to the wind ?
does it work with more than one phone ? or i need more than one box ?
if you 've had printer for a while , how long ( approx . ) do cartridges last ? can you print just `` black '' -no color ? ty
does this come with power cord ?
will this print from a tablet or cell phone ?
is the email to give me the calling card sent to my email of my amazon accouont ?
do you have an icc profile for an epson wf7510 ?
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
could it work with battery support . energy is sometimes down in the nights , it would loose the data ?
when scanning , does it scan both sides of paper at the same time ? or does it mechanically flip the paper to scan the other side ?
does this printer print envelopes ?
i can pick the colors or not ?
my phone cost right now is about $ 58 a month , but i have almost $ 40 in taxes and fee . for those who have 2 phone lines , what is you bill running ?
is it possible to jailbreak this device and use it as a secondary monitor ?
when is the expiration date on this ink ?
are 2 or 1 swiper ... ?
what ink is required ?
does it scan in duplex from the flatbed glass ? what about oversize or thick items ? is there hinge flexibility to accommodate thick items for flatbed ?
will this accept a driver 's license for scanning , or is this scanner strictly paper-only ?
does it come with a charger for the keyboard ?
if i get the wireless adapter , can i us a 2nd phone as an exstension ?
will these cartridges work in a brother mfc-j27ow ?
will this printer print on both sides of a single page
this is not a fax machine as well , correct ? even though they 're calling it an all-in-one ?
just read this . is it true ?
will this stick to wood surfaces ? i am thinking of putting it on one wall of the tree house . please advice .
can you use this with both a pc and mac-air ?
is it a printer ?
does brother ds-620 mobile color page scanner work with mac computer ?
how firm is this foot rest ?
will this work with windows 8.1 ?
is this compatable with wf2660
will this fit my epson xp-310 ?
would like to know how do the bookstand holders move , do you have to slide them to turn pages or do you pull them forward ?
does is scan photos one after another and how is the quality
is this printer compatible with window 8.1 ?
i have recently purchased 2 rca tv 's ( 32 & 40 ) . on the description of both it states `` vesa standard . '' is this cart going to fit my tv 's ?
what ink cartridges does this printer use ?
how does the fax work
i tried to install a replacement toner but the cartridge would not fit . now i ca n't even get the original cartridge to fit . any suggestions ?
can the lead and ink be replanced ?
how deep is it including the handles ?
is there enough room for tabs on the hanging files or do they scrape on the top ?
voltage is the global support it ? 110 ~ 240v ?
what is the largest photo print size for this printer ?
can someone provide an asin for labels that work with this printer ?
a ) do you have to calibrate ( and buy a calibration weight to do so ) or is this guaranteed to be pre-calibrated ? b ) is this scale self-calibrating ?
how do i know when my printer was made ?
what toner does it take ?
will this work with elegant desk embosser - gold ?
how long will a cartridge keep with out drying up !
could i use this for canon pixma mg3120 ?
i want to get some for friends ' bday , is there an expiration date on the sprounts , could i keep them for few months before using planting them ?
apple compatible
my omnitech 10 sheet cross cut paper shredder stopped working , is there a trouble shooter info available ?
anyone know the thickness of this mat ?
i have this product , this morning when i went to search is says no data , what do i do . also the light no longer works ?
i want to use them on fabric the type that when u iron the fabric it erases the lines ... will these do that ?
does this go through a lot of expensive ink ?
is it loud ?
is this cabinet for legal or letter size folders ?
the photo with this product shows non rounded corners but the description states rounded ? which is it ?
will this monitor support two 24 '' asus screens ? is the 24 '' referencing the screen size or the screen + edge size ?
i will be heading to my dad 's this weekend to assemble this chair . can someone please tell me what tools i need to take ?
does this chair has a reclining mechanism ?
is this phone analog ?
what are the dimensions ?
what are the dimensions of this lap desk ?
is this fit macbook pro 13 inch ?
how well does this printer do labels ?
is anyone using this scanner software with windows 8.1 ?
please tell me what `` air print '' is . is it wi-fi ?
is it compatible with samsung tab 2 10.1
does n't say core size anywhere , would it work with 3 '' core tape ?
can the trays fold down completely so it will not take space when not in use ?
does base phone work if power is off ?
does 48 pages mean 48 sheets ? or 24 sheets ?
does it work easily with windows 8 ?
can this safe be screwed or bolted down ?
my desk is 2 '' thick . will the desk clamp still fit ?
please describe how one is to use this unit in order to transfer slides to dvd 's or whatever the end results of the prosess is ?
will this work with d5200 with no issues ?
can the scanner be power by a plug in method ?
is the plug for 110 - 240 v ? or only for 110 ?
does it speak your text messages ?
my printer requires the 564 but they dont say xl on the colored cartridges ? will they still work ?
do they work for epson xp-200 ?
wondering if this is a true black or more of a dark gray color ? also wondering if the height listed is with or without the wheels on ?
i ca n't find the uattend user manuals setup guides anywhere on the uattend site or anywhere else . need to see a pdf copy before purchasing . help .
can this expand or be added to ?
anyone have an issue with the blade not hitting the bar flush ?
i need range of secendary devices signal range to the main device . is it enough good ?
is this a 3 in 1 or a 4 in 1 printer
brother printer i have is not listed it 's an mfc-j4320dw wil this ink work ?
these definitely wo n't ruin my printer ? thx
i just saw these at our upscale mall and they wanted more than this for one ! do these say swarovski on them ?
what is the width of the opening of this stand ?
does it cause or help backache ?
does this have bluetooth
are the credit cards strip cut horizontally or actually cross cut to obliterate the numbers and info ?
what is the chair 's material , cushion , back and arms ?
is this compatible with ringcentral ?
how does the ink usage compare to hp printers ? do i have to throw away ink and get a whole new cartridge every time 1 of the 4 colors runs out ?
can you print in black ink only to save color cartridges ?
does 11x17 paper feed automatically ? or will i have to feed it in manually ?
is it a fine or medium point ?
worked fine at the beginning but i now have a black streak down the middle . i 've down the auto cleaning but it 's still there . any sugestions ?
this will work with google voice ?
can i set this up with a chromebook ?
the system works with an epson wf 2660 ?
i ordered the popo printer but it came with korean instructions how can i get the instructions in english ?
how much does the cart weigh ?
110v power works ?
what app can i ues on my fire phone to make this work ?
what type of toner does it need ?
is there a way to have pictures uploaded into the inventory system of each item so they can be able to be posted on facebook since it uses a tablet ?
what is the flat length of these rubber bands ?
someone reported that this scale will read 7.6 oz but it wo n't read 10.6 it will only show as 10. could anyone confirm this ?
i have lots of slides from the 1950 's that measure 2 inches by 2 inches from paper edge to edge . will these slides work on this ?
can i keep the remaining photo paper inside the device when not in use ?
i was wondering if anyone has a epson workforce 645 printer and if you do , does these cartridges work with it ?
are the 'teeth ' metal or plastic
i am getting a usb device not recognized error when i plug the device into my usb port . do you have a solution to this issue ?
does it have a headset jack ?
does a wall mount come with this ?
i can not use all the 3 headset at the time in a call , i can use 2 , but when i try to use the 3rd one it does n't work , one needs to be in the base ?
does this phone have a a headphone jack ?
can you purchase a converter for it ?
will this printer work with windows 8 ?
are the dimensions listed ( 9.9 x 3 x 6.2 inches ) for the phone itself or the packaging ?
does the adf scan two sided documents without user intervention ?
first page out time ? my current hl-4150 takes painfully about 25-30 seconds . is the hll8350 better ?
how long is the included usb cable ?
can i copy documents or only print from my computer ?
my desk is against a wall . is that an issue ? most pictures depict an open space environment ?
will this accept documents to print from a mac os ?
why is there a circle on all of my scans ?
do you have to use the cd-rom to set up the printer or can it be done on line ?
i mostly need it for scanning color drawings so i was wondering how is the scanner quality ? how much dpi is the scanner
can you scan documents to a usb flash drive ?
can i scan multiple documents with the automatic document feeder or do i have to place each sheet on the scanner one by one ?
is there straight-paper option for heavy stock ?
how many phone numbers can the directory hold ?
