can anyone tell me the measurement of the leaves ?
how do you hang it ? does it include adhesive ?
are the times printed as shown in the picture ? can you change the times on the cards ?
is the bottom edge bound like a `` book binding '' as well , or are the accordian folds exposed ?
can the paper be replace ?
what kind of binding does this planner have ?
can this journal open flat ?
how big is it ?
what size paper fits into the pockets ?
is it really only 8 inches across ? if the individual numbers are each 2 inches , how is this possible ? does anyone have it and couldmeasure ?
is this spiral bound ?
the way the `` other '' version does ?
what is the length of the pen ?
will this use amazon product b00000k135 ? desc .
platinum claims to be `` fast and powerful '' . is that true ?
what is the size of the screen alone ?
what type of battery ?
is the age that important
did the ti-86 come with a wall charger ?
is this paper glossy on one side ?
is this item an oem original ?
how does this compare to the hp 12c ?
multi-voltage use ?
expired ?
is this really original hp and never opened or re manufactured ? and not a phoney ?
does this paper feel like cardstock ?
anyone use it on `` wallet-size '' photos ? how well does it fit ?
will this calculator be good for pre-algebra and through calculus ?
are the buttons soft touch or hard plastic ?
does this typewriter come with everything you need to get started right away ( ribbon & correction tape ) or do i have to order those right now as well ?
do the keys work correctly ?
does this allow for typing in german ?
how much weight can this hold
when you remove it will it take the paint off the wall ?
how thick is this tape ? is it about 1 16 '' thick ? or is it paper thin ?
what is the size of the item ?
are these avery 5160 style ?
are the labels glossy or matte ?
i would like to know if these are the coated ?
are these self adhesive ?
re avery 3265. description says `` perforated '' but illustration of box says `` one card per sheet . '' want one card that folds w o breaking . which is it ?
is this paper suitable for a digital printer , zerox docucolor 1000 lazer printer ?
does it attach underneath the desk ? my desk has no sides . is the wrist rest removable ?
does this printer run off of a usb cable ?
i use at & t uverse which is fiber optic . will this phone handle both outgoing and incoming calls ?
is the ringer a old fashioned bell ?
what are the differences between the franklin 6000 and the franklin 6000b ?
this is the origional package but some say new packaging ? remanufactured ?
does this calculator come with batteries ?
what operating systems ( os ) is this compatible with ?
do they come in hp original retail box ? what is the expiration date ?
is this toy wall-mountable ?
what is the # ( pound ) of card stock ?
what is the actual size of the calculator ?
does it require electricity ?
i feel like this is a dumb question but is this just regular paper to print out forms that have to be filled out and sent , etc ?
what ribbon do i order ?
how thick is this paper ? how does the thickness compare to a business card ?
i have designed a painting i want to paint on a 6 foot by 6 foot wall . will this machine project the picture on the wall so i can paint it ?
does this phone have a feature indicating that there is a new voicemail message on a telecom provider 's voicemail service ?
users guide
i need the expiration date of what you wouild send ?
is the product new and in original packaging ?
does this phone have caller id capability if i have this service from the phone company ? i do n't see the numbers on the display ?
can i print boyh sides ?
what is the expiration date on the ink cartridge ?
what is the expiration date ?
is this a 1-line or 2-line phone ?
does this one have a power adaptor ? does it require a wire running to an electrical outlet ?
will this scanner scan a photo in jpg format .
is this a genuine brother oem new unit ?
how many labels ?
will it run on windows7
does the printout include decimals and commas ?
could this be used to hold an ipad ?
can you get additional leg extenders to make this even taller than it comes in the package ?
do you have the exact packaging as pictured ? little girl on chair ?
is this like the old ti 92 qwerty graphing calculator ? my old ti92 calculator finally broke and i am in desperate need to replace it . does this voyage model replace the old ti 92 ? i mean ... .is it just as good or even better than my old one ?
do you know the thickness ( mm ) ?
i want to store my laptop on top and my tablet underneath on an end table when not in use . will it work for that ?
are the wrist pads removable ?
does this software come with a jewel case , dvd ... ... . template to allow you to import images to creat cover art ?
i ca n't use the ink cartridge in my printer , so does the paper have the postcard stuff on it already or do you have to print that yourself ?
the phones come with his original box ?
i 've upgraded to windows 8 computer . is there any 3rd party software that allows the fujitsu fi-4120c to work with windows 8 ?
can you use this to lean an elbow on ?
how to apply ?
can these individual compartments each hold a standard-sized rubber stamp ?
what size is the storage space
does it come with any proclick spines ?
how accurate is this cutter ?
1. how many names per page ?
up to what year does this stamp go to ?
i need to monitor the coming and going of a single employee who comes to my home when i am not there . would this person be able to alter the setting ?
does this allow auto deductions , lunch , breaks ?
how tall is the box ?
how many vertical lines there are on each page ?
what is the stacking strength on these boxes ?
does this fit in a regular 3 ring binder ?
any chance of fitting 2 sheets of paper in 1 protector ?
can someone tell me if these will hold papers that are 9 inches across ( instead of the standard 8 1 2 inches across ) ?
what are dimensions
is this time clock suitable for a nightwatchman 's rounds and can be stamped once every hour without overprinting .
what material is it made from ?
is the cover a stretchable material ?
having a terrible time w achilles trade . connect buy : may i please specify a red & a blue in an order for 2 ?
is it pre-folded ?
does it have an eraser ?
will this refill fit a vintage double heart slim power point pen ?
will the f-301 bold refill fit in my f-701 pen ?
will this catridge fit desk pen set ?
is this made in usa ?
how do you refill the led
i am looking for mirado black warrior no . 2.5 -- - is that the same as # 2 ?
can these be erased ?
when compared to say crayola , how much better are they ?
does it have a slot in the inside cover to store papers ?
is it sticky enough to discourage cats from stepping on it ?
does it use thermal paper or what type of ink does it need ?
how well do they fit on the pencil ? i bought a few ( do n't know the brand ) and they are too loose and just fall off . do these fit fairly snuggly ?
our teacher requested a 3-pack of magic rub erasers ? does the 12-pack come with 4 3-packs or 12 individual erasers ?
looking for a marker to get a signature on the back of an ipod 5 that wo n't fade from handling or moving in and out of my pocket , will this work ?
how is the spray cleaner when used on dry erase marker that 's been left on the whiteboard for a long time ?
does it take tot 50 or tot 10 staples ? is there anyway we can specify color choices when we order ?
are they made in usa ?
does regular standar staples of any brand work with this stapler ?
can i use `` swingline '' 1 2 '' staples with this item ?
what is the maximum amount of pages it can fold at one time ?
will this product fit a swintec typewriter model p5110
how do you set the time , date , year , etc .
is there an outside pocket for quick access papers ?
is the watermark very visible ? do you see it rather easily , do you have to be looking for it , or do you have to hold it up to the light to find it ?
is this paper acid free and lignin free . is it appropriate for archival .
are the tires inflatable or full rubber ?
is it 4 or 6 ?
can you display a whole month calendar ?
would it work to make place mats from calendar pages , without a heat sealer ?
are they blank can you add your company name ?
is this a soft or hard cover ?
will this fit a badge holder 2 3 8 x 4 3 8
would these work on a 1 2 ounce sized , round tin ?
does it come with the pins ?
can i use this product in an inkjet printer ?
what type of cartridge it uses ?
where are these envelopes made ?
will it imprint on 2-ply paper ?
would this work for a corner placement ?
is this wall-mountable ?
is it 44mm
can the printer dock cartridge be refilled with ink ?
how far off the floor does the rubber begin ? and how tall is the rubber ?
do these fit pentel twist erase xp ?
can this hold a reguler size paper ?
how high does this unit raise the pc off the ground ?
could be integrated to a pbx already existing ( two lines in one cord ) ?
are they top or side loading ?
does it work with win 7 and how do you get the drivers for win 7 ?
is it compatible with win7 ?
will it fill gaps if the items you are gluing are n't exactly flat ?
how many 20 lb sheets will this cut at one time ? top of page states , '' cuts up to 36 sheets '' , yet under prod descr states `` cuts up to 30 sheets '' . thnx !
how high can the height be adjusted ?
could you recommend a slightly heavier textured paper for greeting cards ?
is this paper suitable and thick enough for color photos on a copier ?
do these show up on copies ? i mean , if i write `` original '' on a document and make a copy of it , will it show up on the copied document ?
what replacement pad do you have for this stamp 011090 ?
are these the file folders that are only open at the top and side ?
will it punch pages for the a5 filofax brand planners ?
does this item come in a single and double holder ?
are they plastic or metal ?
what is cps ?
could this presentation paper be used to print at home photo books ?
is this the original toner or just a refurbished one ?
is it wireless
do the numbers on the dial light up when the receiver is picked up to make a call ?
will it work with voice over internet protocol phone services such as magic jack , ooma and vonage ?
does the crank do anything ?
i have 3 monitors , one is 22 inches and the other 2 are dell dual monitors about 20 inches , would these fit on this desk ?
does the notebook lay flat when open ?
is there a bungee closure ?
how long is the paper clip ?
i have a friskar paper cutter that uses a round 1 1 2 disk with a hole in the middle . can you please tell me where i can get replacements ? shirley
can you print a receipt twice ? will it print a receipt twice for one transaction ?
if you buy xyron 150 x , does it already come with a roll of adhesive or do you have to buy one ?
mac os compatible ?
does the calculator come with a leather cover and a manual ?
what toner type does it take ?
is this in the retail box ?
will this work on window 7 , 32 bit ?
will this cabinet hold legal files
is it plastic ?
is the finish of the board shiny or matte ?
is the handset have volume control ?
has anyone tried to print on burlap with this printer ?
does the phone indicate how many minutes you have been talking ?
sharp 207
what type of warranty comes with this printer ?
what size paper does it use ?
does the tape fit tight on the core of the holder ?
are these cartridges compatible in the lexmark 7300 series ? i usually but them at best buy , but they are very expensive there . please advise .
does it come with a stamped warranty card ?
multiple lines
will this print 3x4 photos ?
can the underdesk mount drill into a metal bar not wood ?
can the cd storage compartment be used as a `` hidden '' compartment ? is the lid easily removed and put back in place ?
what color is this unit ?
how does the mouse `` shelf '' attach to the underside of the keyboard tray ( screws , what kind , how many , etc . ) ?
can you adjust ringer volume and turn off ringer ?
why are there 3 slots for ink , but manual list 4 cartridges ?
can anyone tell me how high the edge ( or lip ) of each shelf rises above the shelf itself ?
is it `` airprint '' capabable ?
my grandson is 7 and does n't say some words so i can understan them , can he type in a word so he can communicate what he is saying
does this use the z24 converter ?
can you change the nib to another size , and have a set of them , or is it fixed ?
will this printer work to purchase online postage & integrate w ebay & paypal address lists , & work w mac ?
what is the size ?
will this printer work with windows 8 ?
is there any kind of warranty with the refurbished printer ? and does the hp laserjet 19a cartridge fit for toner ?
will this fit the ql-700 ?
how many address labels could you print with this ?
are the dk-1201 labels peel and stick ?
do you still have the att 945 ?
is the ink black ?
does this phone require ac power supply in addition to the phone line ?
new ultrafine points markers are dry - bought a 3 pack ! how can i get them to write ?
does this pack include a gray or dark gray marker ?
does this come with the applicator ?
does it have a handle on top ?
will these work on the polycom soundstation 2w ( # 2201.67880.022 )
is this label the same as the avery 8692 cd labels ? what is the difference ?
is this quicker than placing the labels on by hand ?
what 's a tab ?
how do you re-ink the ribbon ?
will this hold a all in one printer ?
is the amplifier in the phone base or in the ear piece ?
what kind of eraser refills does it use ?
i see that it folds a z fold , but does it do a tri-fold where both ends fold inward toward the middle panel ? ( brochure type )
is the cutting arm spring loaded ? it stays up by itself ?
hello .
can these be printed on with a copier ?
will this cut recycled paper effectively or will it tear the edges ?
i need to cut a laminated id badge to fit in a wallet . do you think it can do this w o damaging the blade ?
height of stand with one layer of stacks from bottom of gray to top of black ?
how to set time and date
will it time stamp a kitchen food order ticket being that they are not hard paper stock ? in other words is thermal thin paper going to work with this machine ?
would i be able to attach 3m velcro tape to attach this to a cabinet ?
how thick is the hanger bar that goes over the wall or door ?
is the refill black ( as title states ) or blue ( as desc states ) ?
is the rear of the stand open like the front is ?
does this product write in the date ?
do you think the pockets would be able to hold a stack of 3 index cards ?
what 's the expiration date ?
does the phone have raised or flushed numbers ( i.e . can you feel the outline of the numbers on the button ) ?
does this calculator use 2-ply tape ?
do you have a suggestion as to what audio interface to get ?
is the patented `` easy mount '' hanging system included ?
do these work with fellowes brand laminators ?
can you slide cards in on both sides ( front & back ) ?
what refill do i use to replace the black ink on the q4
will this phone work with a digital ( mlx ) line from an avaya merlin legend ?
will this work with a nec system
how many years is it good for ?
does this feeder work with 3x5 photos or just 4x6 photos ?
what is oem ?
what toner ?
does it print in color ?
is this a white dry erase surface ? or is it clear ? meaning if i put this over a black painted wall , will the black be visible or completely covered ?
does this work with mac os ? i 'm wondering whether anyone used this one with apple mac .
are the leads refillable ?
will these bleed through binder paper ?
what is the difference ? i have gone back and forth but can not figure out what the difference is between the 2400 and the 1800 - am i just blind ?
why does n't it show caller id ?
how long is the warranty ?
size of posters ?
i have this cart and the handle comes apart . am i missing screws to keep the handle attached ?
is there a way to fax more than one page at a time ? instead of dialing the number over and over ?
is the cork thick enough for staples and push pins ?
what size are the eraser refills ?
can these be converted to eye-dropper ?
what is the tip size ?
what material are they ? plastic ? paper ? linen ?
does this visualizer have a vga port ?
can i mount this phone on the wall even if i do n't have the wired-in wall-mounted jack ?
i would like to know about the sizes of pictures you can print . my old picture mate printed two 3x4 inch wallets on a 4x6 . can this one ?
can it be used with windows 7 ?
i need .75 inch round labels that are exactly the size of a nickel . are these ?
can it work perfect with 50hz ? and can it work with 220v through external adaptor ?
compatible with imac osx version 10.4.7 ?
just to verify . is this the fx-300es or fx-300es plus ?
epson r2400 has anyone found replacement ink cheaper than epson but equal in quality ?
can you fit a cd with a paper see-through window sleeve on it within this ?
what is the throat depth of this stapler ?
how much weight can this hold ?
i have a canon mx300 is this the right cartridge ?
is this a genuine cannon ink cartridge not a refill
can this calculate surds and logs ?
what is exact diameter of sheave ?
what is the maximum amount of time this shredder can run before becoming too hot ?
what is the width without the mouse pad ? is the mouse pad detachable ?
can this scan 616 or 116 negatives from the 1940 's ?
would this arm fit under a 9 '' roll-top of a desk if the monitor is tilted all the way forward with the screen facing the desk surface ?
does this packet come with the software for avery labels . if not , how do i get it
does this one fit hp officejet 6310xi all in one ?
windows 8 compatable ?
scanner does this model have a flat bed scanner ? if it does , how well does it work on text ?
is this work for cannon mf4890dw ?
how many ppm ?
what is a carrier sheet ?
can i use this printer with usb connection ?
why will not my printer print photos ?
where can i buy the power plug for the printer . i lost it
what 's the upc on this item ?
i need to rise the monitor up to 6 '' i only have about 12 '' wide and about 10 '' deep will it work ?
my existing door stop has the two holes on top ... is the stop reverse able on these door stops ?
will it work with win 8
how far off the ground is the keyboard shelf ?
can the lid close with label tabs on the hanging folders ?
it is double sided , correct ? -
i 'm thinking of using these to color coordinate moving boxes so the movers know where to put each box . would you recommend these for that purpose ?
what is the warranty ?
does mounting the board require the use of a drill ?
does laser ink dry up over time ? my original lasted 6 yrs , and now says `` toner low '' . at twice the size with the tn580 here , i wonder ?
can it be install on concrete walls ?
will this cartridge work for hp psc 750 printer ?
is this twain compatabile ?
those who like these labels , what template are you using ?
what type of implement can students use to write on them and then erase them ?
what are the dimensions of the desk ?
does this pen include the z26 piston converter ?
does the calculator come with a manual ?
will this hold more than one document ? could you put a photo in the top portion ?
will i be able to put three passports in this pouch ?
dimensions listed are 28.8 x 7.5 x 17.5. is that 7.5 a misprint ?
voip does anyone know if this system works on viop service ?
is it a true 2-line phone ? when registered to a 2-line base , does the 905 allow you to physically choose either line 1 or line 2 to dial out on ? it was hard to determine from the manual , and i 'd like to find out for sure before buying the system . is it a true 2-line phone ? when registered to a 2-line base , does the 905 allow you to physically choose either line 1 or line 2 to dial out on ? it was hard to determine from the manual , ... » read more is it a true 2-line phone ? when registered to a 2-line base , does the 905 allow you to physically choose either line 1 or line 2 to dial out on ? it was hard to determine from the manual , and i 'd like to find out for sure before buying the system . « show less
difference betweentru9465 and tru9485 ?
will it work with windows 8.1 ?
will a laptop on a docking station fit ?
is there a place for a pen ?
is this pad legal or college ruled ?
does this foam board have a glossy or matte appearance ?
mp830 vs. mp530 does anyone know the main differences between the canon pixma mp830 and the mp530 ? is the 830 worth the $ 80 more that it costs , or should i just get the 530 ? my old printer ( canon s600 ) quit working a month ago , and i want to get an all-in-one . mp830 vs. mp530 does anyone know the main differences between the canon pixma mp830 and the mp530 ? is the 830 worth the $ 80 more that it costs , or should i just get the 530 ? my old printer ( canon ... » read more mp830 vs. mp530 does anyone know the main differences between the canon pixma mp830 and the mp530 ? is the 830 worth the $ 80 more that it costs , or should i just get the 530 ? my old printer ( canon s600 ) quit working a month ago , and i want to get an all-in-one . « show less
how good ? are brother mfd considered to be the best made for under $ 500.00 ?
is this heavy enough ( or too heavy ) to use for postcards ?
could you place matchbox cars on the strips and will they hold ?
which is the weight of this photo paper ? ¿cual es el gramaje de este papel ?
does anyone from the dental community use this scanner ?
will this scanner be able to scan my 2-1 4 '' x 2-1 4 '' slides ? and if so , will i have to take them out of their glass metal frames ?
does it work with windows 7 ? work with windows 7 ?
does this have one touch copy ?
time per slide ?
rolled
use with vista ? will this work out of the box with vista ?
skypein will it receive calls as skypein calls ?
does this fold flat for easy storage ?
will it work for 10mil pouch ?
is it electronic in anyway ?
are these embossed ?
okay for a two year old ?
can these be stacked ?
is the item durable ?
how much storage does this have ? can the information on it be backed up on one 's computer ? is there a backlight on the device ?
do i need to buy pages ( refills ) for this or does it come with them ?
will it hold a manilla folder with papers in it ?
would this be ideal for drawing in as a routine sketchbook or pad ?
hp printer compatible with windows vista i am looking for an hp printer copier scanner that is compatible with windows vista with no hiccups . does anyone have a recommendation ?
is this printer compatible with apple computer ?
will it hold a 15 '' lcd tv monitor ?
12 pack means 12 boxes and 12 lids or 6 boxes with lids ?
does it come with paper ? how many sheets ?
has anyone tried using this as a small laptop stand ( about 9x13 '' ) ?
is this for canon mp470 printer ?
does anyone know if this printer is compatible with windows 8.1 ?
does anyone else have a problem with using a power supply ?
the question is will this machine do the final wrap so the rolls look like professionally wrapped ? im not sure how . could you explain ?
what is the height when unfolded ?
what does h , 2h , 2b mean ?
does the marker tray extend the entire 96 '' length of the board ?
are these envelopes heat resistant ?
is it possible to use with legal size folders ?
does it have a jack for a tape recorder ?
does this scanner do double sided cards ?
is the stapler very loud ?
would this fit a nailpolish bottle ?
any complaints of the package ripping ?
can i print just black ?
can these be used to mail cd 's ?
how much does one weigh ? and would it fit a box that is 5.1 l x 3.2 w x 4.5 h inches ?
does this phone work with skype now ?
reset
how does the proximity badge entry minimize buddy punching ?
i do n't have a land line . is it possible to connect this fax machine to a modem , laptop or network ?
can i use my home phone number ? or dose it need a seperate number ?
are these meal or plastic ?
i know the spacing between the six upper slots is slightly over 2 '' , but can anyone provide the vertical spacing dimensions for the two lower slots ?
is this one piece ? or we have to assemble ?
turning off the ink gauge a couple of months ago someone posted something about turning off the ink status pop-op , which allowed the printer to print beyone the usual `` low ink '' point , i.e. , until it was truly low on ink . anyone remember this or have information on this ? turning off the ink gauge a couple of months ago someone posted something about turning off the ink status pop-op , which allowed the printer to print beyone the usual `` low ink '' point , ... » read more turning off the ink gauge a couple of months ago someone posted something about turning off the ink status pop-op , which allowed the printer to print beyone the usual `` low ink '' point , i.e. , until it was truly low on ink . anyone remember this or have information on this ? « show less
can i just use blutooth to send a picture to print ? like from a iphone ?
will not print black ink . other colors work fine
how well do these pens work with cardmaking ?
do you swipe the card or does it just pick up on the information ?
fuzzy black , and yellow color somewhat have black dots smear ! i bought clp-300 just few days ago , and i noticed when i printed yellow color , it did n't look yellow bright , but it was looking dark yellow , with black dots ( astray ) , making yellow color looked dirty . when i printed a word document with some characters being highlighted yellow , i could see smudges from black toner to the yellow . perhaps it 's called bleeding , the black toner bleeds to the yellow . i 'm not sure what is the proper word for itm perhaps sumdge ? is my printer defective ? or is there anything i could do to set up or clean up to rectify this problem ?
can i use two of these to extend an analog phone line over ethernet to another location on the lan and plug in an analog phone on the other end ?
input and output features i see this is advertised as a photo slide scanner . microsoft word for windows ? and am i limited to email or pdf formats for pix , or can i save as jpg ? these are crucial features in my determination as to whether to get this beast . input and output features i see this is advertised as a photo slide scanner . microsoft word for windows ? and am i limited to email or pdf formats ... » read more input and output features i see this is advertised as a photo slide scanner . microsoft word for windows ? and am i limited to email or pdf formats for pix , or can i save as jpg ? these are crucial features in my determination as to whether to get this beast . « show less
is it a standard usb cable- easy to replace ?
one of the features mentioned on their website is a `` rotating lead degree window '' near top clip . what is the function of this ?
video game
how well would these protect things like books ?
i am having a custom rubber stamp made with my company logo to stamp the outside . will i be able to stamp the outside ?
what is the weight per bag ?
would this work to mail a semi-heavy hard cover book that measures 8.5 x 11 ?
will a pillow that is 6 '' deep fit in this bag ?
self seal flap ?
can this be used as a 4x6 printer or does it require jpeg format ?
are the wheels rubber ?
does this come with black ink ?
will this fit a casio fr2650tm ?
i 'm looking for a gaming pad to keep me from moving my keyboard accidentally while i play . will this give enough friction ?
how many ink cartridges does it use ? will it work if ink is finished in one cartridge ?
how do you replace paper tape ?
where can i get compatable ink cartridges for ip4300 ? i can not find a website that sells compatible cartridges for the ip4300 . i do n't want to buy it unless i can find compatible cartridges . it sounds like a good value except for that problem . where can i get compatable ink cartridges for ip4300 ? i can not find a website that sells compatible cartridges for the ip4300 . i do n't want to buy it unless i can find compatible cartridges ... . » read more where can i get compatable ink cartridges for ip4300 ? i can not find a website that sells compatible cartridges for the ip4300 . i do n't want to buy it unless i can find compatible cartridges . it sounds like a good value except for that problem . « show less
the one i bought just stop working after 5 months . i 've changed batteries but it does n't function . any idea of what can be happening ?
cd labeling ? on canon.com , the demo shows cd dvd color labeling . i know that some other canons only had that for non-usa printers . is that the case for this new crop , too ?
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
is this refill kit work for canon pg-240 cl-241 cartridge ?
does this calculator come with a vinyl cover case ?
i lost the book on how to operate ! how do i change from letters to numbers ?
is it worth buying this with 12 in side
how to change the toner cartridge
also need to know if it is matte on both sides . do these have bar code stickers on the boards ?
would these be good for everyday pens for an incoming freshman ?
are these envelopes plain ? or do they have the green 100 % recycled mark on the corner as pictured ?
the title says the pouch is 2 3 8 x 4 3 8 but the description below says `` vertical orientation 2 2 3 x 3 38. which is it ?
can the makers be used on clear glass , does it easily wipe off of clear glass ?
someone said the drawer is divided . can the dividers be removed ? what size are the compartments ?
are these made in the usa ?
would copics bleed through this paper ?
canon pixma pro 9000 which paper is best for photos ? i just purchased this printer mainly because it prints large photos . i am wanting to use it for producing pics of my grandkids ( 6 of them & counting ) . it is so hard to get them all to the photographer . i have the ip6000 from canon and love the quality , so i thought i could n't go wrong with this upgrade . does anyone have any idea of what the best paper is to use in the 13 x 19 size .
can i access faxes that are stored in memory and import them to my computer ?
is there a lock on this model ?
i have a bag of clips . how do i determine which dispenser size that they will fit ?
is this graph paper accurate ?
does it work skype : computer to computer ? or is it best to have a cordless phone next to the computer ?
can credit cards be shred in the micro-cut slot ( not in the cd slot ) ?
how dark is the ink when printing ?
does this work like a calculator or like a 10 key adding machine . example : do you hit 8 + 6- to get 2 or do you hit 8+6= to get 2 ?
does the presto printing mailbox come ready to use with an ink cartridge in place ?
i need a stronger magnet to hold a pet door shut when windy . is this likely to hold against a 20mph wind ?
dimensions ?
is it good as a receipt scanner ?
will these labels continue to go through a laser printer okay if i am only printing one label at a time ?
are these safe to stack in storage , or would it cause damage to the lower box ?
what is the expiration date on black and on coloured pack of inks
what is expired date ?
will this work on a hp c4180 printer ?
are these hp products or compatible with hp .
how do you install ?
does anybody know if the puncher is the exact same measurements as the one subjects notebooks that are made in vietnam ?
do these ink cartridges come in a box as shown and do they have expiration dates ?
the technical details seem to say the machine is 11 '' tall . is that correct ? if so , does anyone recommend a more portable numbering machine ?
could n't this technically be held up by push pins ?
can i change the dies to use different designs ? they say die holders and i do not know quite well what they meant .
is this vinyl ? i want to make wall decals , would this work ?
how thick are the squares ?
may i know the package weight and dimension ?
need a single line in imitation of handwriting in red ? do you have a font ?
can you label speaker wires , or electrical wires with this labeller ?
will any cordless phone work with this system or would you have to purchase all cordless phones ?
is it a wall phone
is there any chemical odor associated with the liner or wheels on the cart ?
can the ringer be turned off ?
dropped calls on panasonic phones i am considering buying a new phone system . i have a 2 handset panasonic that is less than 2 yrs . old . my calls are constantly being dropped . when i keep the phone off the hook for a couple of hrs and then try to make a call i get a `` no link to base '' message . i do like all the features , especially the talking caller id . would that make a difference ? dropped calls on panasonic phones i am considering buying a new phone system . i have a 2 handset panasonic that is less than 2 yrs . old . my calls are constantly being dropped . when i keep the ... » read more dropped calls on panasonic phones i am considering buying a new phone system . i have a 2 handset panasonic that is less than 2 yrs . old . my calls are constantly being dropped . when i keep the phone off the hook for a couple of hrs and then try to make a call i get a `` no link to base '' message . i do like all the features , especially the talking caller id . would that make a difference ? « show less
mute function i 'm interested in purchasing this phone but am specifically looking for one with a hold function . does this have it ?
will this scanner scan 4x4 slides ?
is a template kit the same thing as the negative holders ?
can anyone helpthis is a crazy price.i bought one one ebay for 150 about 6 months ago.please help ! can anyone helpthis is a crazy price.i bought one one ebay for 150 about 6 months ago . can anyone helpthis is a crazy price.i bought one one ebay for 150 about 6 months ago.please help ! « show less
hp l7580 : print using only black ink cartridge ? is it possible to set up the hp l7580 and or it 's software so that it defaults to printing only with the black cartridge ? i do almost all of my printing in b & w or gray scale , yet the printer frequently runs out of yellow ink . does the printer use the yellow ink cartridge to print gray scale ?
do they adhere to containers that are already frozen ?
can these be used as an everyday dry erase eraser ( i.e . without adding water ) ? or more designed for a thorough board cleaning ( w out using cleanser ) ?
what is the size of the stamp area
singapore standard voltage in singapore is 220v 240v , 50 hz.. can this binding machine be use in singapore ?
can you use the wire combs with this machine , or does it only use plastic ones ?
in the heading it says there is a bonus pack of two more colours..is that true does it actually come ?
how do you set the combination on this vaultz locking chest .
i 've had this machine for years . works great . unfortunately the film does n't work with dry erase markers as i had hoped . ideas ?
can the 1400 run with mac os 10.8 ?
do the bills stay in place ?
what is the real phone size ?
can this wall phone be connected to a dsl filter plate that used a 3 '' cord to connect the phone to the wall ?
why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? « show less
is battery pack included ?
refill
will this work on something that has been laminated ?
are these for 2014 ?
can anyone confirm if this has a glossy side ? a reflection of light ?
are they reusable ?
is this waterproof ?
how does the adjustment work ? does it have to be unscrewed to make it taller or shorter ? is it pneumatic ?
will it fit the hp photosmart c5550 printer ?
does it print fast
can a photo ( non all-in-one ) print regular docs or only photos ?
do you think i could use this printer to print name badges at an event ?
what is the thickness of the spine ? 1 2 inch , 1 inch ?
would the lower shelf hold the weight of a computer ?
will this work with pixma my470
can the plastic paper guide to the left of the blade ( as seen in the pic ) , which would be in the way of making cuts to very small paper , be removed ?
is the cable wire or string
is this journal good for a left handed person ?
does the phone come with a basic cord ?
can this register interface with windows consignment software ?
does this printer work for a chromebook ?
does this have years starting with 2014 and on ?
if i hit a wrong number in a calculation , can i change it without enter again the whole calculation ?
how much of the 6x9 space do i get ? i have a small box that is 5 '' x 8.5 '' would this fit in here ?
is there a way to lock the horizontal swing of the device in a selected position ?
how deep of a desk can it accommodate ? my custom pc desk is 1ft deep . can it work
are the arms on this chair padded ?
is 23 '' the height or width ?
i would like to post this up on my bedroom wall so is there any other way to elevate it without a magnetic surface ( e.g . fridge ) ?
how do i turn the calculator off ?
description is `` cork board 6 x 4 oak frame bulletin board '' . i 'm assuming 6 feet by 4 feet , correct ?
does it scan both sides of a document in one pass ?
what kind of ink is this ? i.e . india ink . also , is it permanent ?
how do you replace the old journal paper ?
can these be used as `` whiteboards `` ?
is there anyway to hang this chart ?
is this a `` ti nspire cas '' or a `` ti nspire cas+ '' calculator ?
i am looking for a binding machine to make my photo proof books . would this one work well for that ?
can you use combs that are less than 2 inches ? and is this quasar model good for high volume use ?
in the picture , it appears that there is a slot in the back . is this a slot where you could put a tablet ? if so , how long is the slot ?
how big is the strip , 1 4 inch or 1 8 inch
what is the run time on this shredder ?
how wide is this phone in inches ?
warrenty
are all the envelopes 4x7 ?
are these rollerball tip or porous point pens ?
is it cordless
the product description says it will reach up to 100ft . i need to reach 70+ feet . has anyone tried to present at that distance ?
is the a genuine brother drum unit or a generic compatible refurbished ?
is this a hard plastic or a soft moveable plastic ?
are the highlights on this pen white chrome or brass ?
what is the size of the peanut ?
how can i print just black without the color ink cartridge in
is there any link for installation of iris pen express 6
does this deal include a valid key ?
the jack in the side , is that also for headsets or just the one with the headset picture ? if so what size is the jack to buy an adapter
the item picture show the calculator with purple orange keys . is it possible to order the calculator with the normal blue yellow color keys instead ?
this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . « show less
help ! i 'm a new stepmom help me please i am in a relationship almost two year with this wonderful man . he is a soldier , as is his ex-wife . the ex-wife is deployed and so we have the kids full time , a girl 8 and a boy 6. i have no children of my own except two little puppydogs . this is very challenging for me as i feel the ex-wife 's reach from iraq is controlling my house . if i attempt to discipline the children , they complain to her and she stresses my fiancé out over the phone . by discipline i mean simple rules like no computer on the weekend until bedrooms are clean and tidy , remove your plate from the table when done eating ... i feel her attempt at control is ruining my relationship and now i feel the need to flee and leave my wonderful man in the life that he has created for himself ... please , any good advice ? help ! i 'm a new stepmom help me please i am in a relationship almost two year with this wonderful man . he is a soldier , as is his ex-wife . the ex-wife is deployed and so we have the kids full ... » read more help ! i 'm a new stepmom help me please i am in a relationship almost two year with this wonderful man . he is a soldier , as is his ex-wife . the ex-wife is deployed and so we have the kids full time , a girl 8 and a boy 6. i have no children of my own except two little puppydogs . this is very challenging for me as i feel the ex-wife 's reach from iraq is controlling my house . if i attempt to discipline the children , they complain to her and she stresses my fiancé out over the phone . by discipline i mean simple rules like no computer on the weekend until bedrooms are clean and tidy , remove your plate from the table when done eating ... i feel her attempt at control is ruining my relationship and now i feel the need to flee and leave my wonderful man in the life that he has created for himself ... please , any good advice ? « show less
what size seat in this stool ?
i need 17 1 2 `` height from floor to top of cushion to fit my pottery wheel , am still confused on the height i see 17 '' and 21 '' ?
how high will this stool go ?
will these fit a pentel p207 0.7mm pencil
i want these to print invitations . are they perforated , because the top would be the invitation and the bottom would be the reply .
how many keys come with this cash box ?
how can this be mounted under the top of the desk ? are there any made of plastic ? light weight and easier to mount ?
we now have a wireless mac and pc , but i ca n't stand the way the mice slide all over the desks.will this pad stop that from happening ?
is this pen in original box ? pls advise soonest
can you use standard dry erase pens with the lorell dry erase board ?
is this speakerphone a full duplex ?
duplexer installation i ca n't for the life of me figure out how to attach the two-sided print accessory to the back of the 7280. it just does n't seem to fit . can anyone help me ?
i have a nurit 3020 machine . will these work for that terminal ?
does this fit the mardel flipnote case ?
anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes prior to printing . maybe it just needs to break in . anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes ... » read more anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes prior to printing . maybe it just needs to break in . « show less
can these print directly on cd-r dvd-r ? i thought that the ip4500 could print onto printable cd-rs and or dvd-rs , but it does n't mention this in the product description on amazon . can you print directly to cd dvd with this printer or no ? can these print directly on cd-r dvd-r ? i thought that the ip4500 could print onto printable cd-rs and or dvd-rs , but it does n't mention this in the product description on amazon . can you print ... » read more can these print directly on cd-r dvd-r ? i thought that the ip4500 could print onto printable cd-rs and or dvd-rs , but it does n't mention this in the product description on amazon . can you print directly to cd dvd with this printer or no ? « show less
will this scanner work with windows 8 ?
is the ink absorber easy to change
does it contain ink cartridges ?
anyone have any idea how to clean this thing when it starts getting dirty ?
how many come in one order ?
how many i gon na get if i order this
my v500 suddenly stopped offering slide and negative options . any thoughts ?
ordered the brother mfc 240c refills . after removing the long yellow cover on the end , is there anything else i have to do before installing ?
my printer is an hp laserjet 1022 , how do you keep track of print count on one of these cartridges ?
i wanted to make my own custom keyboard stickers for my apple wireless keyboard . are these good for that purpose ?
i 've been looking to buy this printer for 5 days . is amazon protecting it 's inventory ? are we waiting for brother to post another `` instant rebate '' ? i 've been looking to buy this printer for 5 days . i 've been looking to buy this printer for 5 days . is amazon protecting it 's inventory ? are we waiting for brother to post another `` instant rebate '' ? « show less
is it waterproof ?
maximum cut size ? one reviewer says this cutter will not cut a full 12 '' ( they say it 'almost ' cuts 10 '' ) . is that true ?
how is this pen packaged ?
why is it for men only ?
what size refill fits a bullet space pen
how strong is odor from the ink ?
does this bulletproof ink clog the fountain pen eventually ?
mustek scan express a3 pro , large format does it scan into pdf ?
can you shut printer off ?
is this paper compatible with laser printers ?
what is the width of this mat ?
we just bought a `` smith corona sterling cartridge '' model 3l . is this the right ink ?
are the casters locking ? is the adjustable width id or od ?
has anyone tried printing to magnet sheets ?
how many entries for checking will it hold ?
does this come assembled , or would we have to put it together ?
what is the size
will this platform accommodate an ergonomic keyboard ? ( what are the dimensions of the keyboard area ? )
does this include the power supply ?
is it leather ?
will drivers work with vista 64bit ? fujitsu says their drivers are vista 64bit compatible . anyone actually have this scanner running on vista ultimate 64bit ?
is this shredder size appropriate for home use ? the dimensions seem large . this would be for a person who shreds a small amount several times a week .
how long is the ac cord ?
does this pencil come with any extra lead ? does it have a cover to put over the pencil top ?
louie moon - side stabilizers ? is that included in box ? if not , where - what kind do i get please ?
do the ink cartridges have a good expiration date on them ?
are you able to order this embosser and also a second plate with a different design that you can change out ?
orientation adjustable ? i.e . can i stamp on a postcard , the back flap of an envelope , a book , etc and it 's not sideways or upside down ?
does this embosser come with a custom stamp ?
does this embosser come with a custom stamp ?
my computer desk is not real wood , but compressed board . would it be a problem with the screws or with the strength ?
would a us letter size paper , folded in half fit inside this ?
thailand ?
how is the sound quality in comparison to a polycom deskphone 's speakerphone ?
is it crystal clear laminating sheets ?
does this cut 11x17 and 12x18 paper as well ?
is possible to mount these on a 1 2 '' particle board desk ?
does this work for hpenvy model printers ?
duplex printing just wondering does the hl2140 have a duplex printing function ?
will this printer work with my ipad ?
work w linux ? i have a mac and a linux laptop . i know hp works well with linux , but will this , and over the network ?
what colors do you have available ? can i pick a color ?
i would like to try this product to glue girl scout badges to my daughter 's vest . does it stay glued down on clothes you are wearing and washing ?
you said you bought this in 2009 ?
how many employees can i have with this timeclock right out of the box ?
anyone had any experience with that function ? anyone had any experience with that function ? « show less
what is the total length from the base board to the door ?
it appears this does not have a lid . does it ?
is this the magic jack plus the new one
is the actual writing area leather or some other type of material ?
how do you set up call forwarding ?
does this phone announce the number of the person calling ?
is it caller id ready ?
do these gel inks stain as bad as , or worse than , regular ink ?
does the ink pad come pre loaded with black ink our do you have to ink it yourself before first use ?
does it work with currency other than usd ?
can you scan
canon mx 850 : can not scan ink is low out ? some canon models do n't let scan fax if the ink is low out . is this true with mx850 also ?
would the unit laminate construction paper like the ones sold on amazon made by sunworks ?
can you cut your document along the document edge , or do you need to leave 1 8 '' margin of plastic for the film to adhere ?
can i use the machine to laminate just the top side or does it always laminate both sides ?
is this printer wireless and is it inkjet ?
where are these shredders manufactured ?
will it hold a printer ?
are these 2013 forms ?
is this model programable ?
can the ringer on this phone be adjusted ?
where are the pictures placed ? do you mean that we program a person phone for one number and then place her his the picture on that number ? then , how i see the number .
what is the impression size ?
how tall is the shredder ? >
does the ink dry out if it is not removed from the stamp when you are done using it ?
what surfaces will the color adhere to ? gessoed wood ? is this a water based color ? how do you fix it to the ground ?
is it dual voltage phone ? does anyone know if it is a dual voltage phone or not ?
do you have to use staples specifically for this stapler or will the standard ones work . thx
is 14.13 the maximum height ? does this include the casters ?
i am planning on using this paper to pin on shirts for a run . does permanent marker work on it ?
does this account book have seven vertical columns ?
also can i add 100 sheets ? will they fit ?
is there a side slot for a side bound notebook to be used instead of the top bound legal pad ?
where is it made ?
can this be used as a stand alone , or does it need to be connected to computer ? does it convert negitives ?
how tall and how wide is printer ? please be specific .
will it sharpen a ticonderoga pencil
what happens when you do n't keep the trekker pen capped ? any decrease in life of pen ?
will this chair slide under a desk with 28 '' clearance underneath with arms ?
how many copies will this print ?
dimensions ? what are the dimensions of this ?
this vs ti 84 ? my school uses 84 's . am i missing out on any features by getting this one ?
if i order the pen directly from amazon , is there a serial number or other confirmaitno that this pen is authentic and straight from montblanc ?
hi . i want to take say 50 separate documents - auto feed them through my 300 and end up 50 entirely separate pdf documents . can i do that ?
does this have 1 16th inch ?
wifi scan will this printer scan across the wifi link as well ?
a color cartridge and a black cartridge ? not just 2 black cartridges ?
im wondering how easy it is to fill the pen with the eye dropper ?
please tell me how to scan using the f4280 printer .
what size staples does it use ?
can the rear lip be removed ?
making a card game . would an insert 3.5 x 2.5 fit in these pouches ? or what 's the biggest size paper that would fit ?
does it use latin american spanish or spanish from spain ?
what is the width measurement ?
what are the lengths of each section of this desk and the small corner piece ? how deep and tall are the sections ?
what were the approximate dimensions of the package it arrived in ?
i want to make coasters and use this to seal them -- how soon could i use the coasters after applying ? i ca n't wait 4 weeks , do i need a different kind ?
is the ink converter included ?
need to mount 1 4 '' sheetrock in 4'x8 ' panels which weigh 28.8lbs ea to an adjoining firewall in townhouse . should the tape hold w o concerns ?
can you use the chalk markers on this item ?
how many pages does it print ?
is the product you send come in the packaging as shown in the picture you display as the item ?
put this printer back in use for photos only printed about 40 81 2x11 photos on tricolor cartridge , is this typical ?
network
why wo n't it print envelopes ?
will these drawers hold legal `` redwell '' style folders ?
can this stamp be created with a multicolor ink pad for multicolor impressions ?
dimensions
how do i get a replacment manual
are the buttons soft touch or hard plastic ?
does this dry stiff or flexible ?
i have a long leather coat .it is so heavy to wear and i am thinking of cutting it off and making a short jacket.do you think this would work on this ?
is the top left bin big enough ( and unit strudy enough ) to hold 4 stacks ( say 25 ea ) of 10 oz paper cups ? 3 stacks ?
will this box hold 5 x 8 index cards ? it states the box is 5 x 8. is 5 x 8 the outside measurements of the box ?
scan
the title says this is undated , but the pictures show the months pre-written and just the date boxes blank . does this have to be a jan-dec calendar ?
about how many bands are there in one package ?
this converter fits my sheaffer balance ii please ?
is this blue ink or black ink ?
what are the dimensions of the individual compartments ? how wide , deep and tall ?
is the ink in this pen blue or purple ?
i have the scansnap ix500 and was considering getting this scanner instead ( for twain support and tiff files ) , but those 2 would be issues for me . i ca n't tell if the ix500 has better or worse feeding . i have the scansnap ix500 and was considering getting this scanner instead ( for twain support and tiff files ) , but those 2 would be issues for me . i ca n't tell if the ix500 has better or worse feeding . « show less
anyone know dimensions on this ?
can this be cut in half ?
what does it taste like ?
will the xl magenta fit in my hp photosmart estn c510 series ?
*not for photosmart plus printers* in desc.. but the will this work with your printer tool says it will work on b210e photosmart plus . which is true
for my hp564 printer i need the black cartridge that is wider , not the skinnier photo cartriddge . is this the correct one ( the wider black ? )
writes on windows ?
does this set contain skin colors ?
this is bivolt 110-220 volt or only 110 volt ?
height from floor to top of seat cushion ?
will it print to heat transfer paper for application to fabric ?
how many postcards fit in each sleeve ?
what are the sizes of each core ( for refill purpose )
i want to print avery labels for ebay packages . will this printer handle thick paper like that ?
does the stamper automatically increment to the next number in sequence ?
can you take the book apart after it is bound ?
is hyphen ( - ) one of the symbols on this stamp ?
can it do square roots ?
any idea if this would fit a mac pro desktop ?
does this scale have a serial port ?
how wide is the keyboard tray ?
are the sheets transparent on both sides ?
text only or can you add images ?
how many labels per roll ?
do these have a 1 in . core ?
is this the tool to hang the clips ?
what size chalk does it hold ?
what the biggest it can scan
what is the measurement from the bottom of the drawer to the bottom of the legs , with the spacer setup shown in the picture ?
where can i buy the refills for this pen ? the stores that sell the pen do n't know where or how to get the refills .
would the slots be big enough to hold a battery toothbrush ( total of 4 ) or and a tube of toothpaste ?
using the photosmart b8550 printer i would like to make a photographic scrapbook with pages size 13x19 . is this the right printer to do this with ? i would assemble the pages with microsoft publisher with photos of varying sizes and written descriptions . then print the pages on photographic paper . using the photosmart b8550 printer i would like to make a photographic scrapbook with pages size 13x19 . is this the right printer to do this with ? i would assemble the pages with microsoft ... » read more using the photosmart b8550 printer i would like to make a photographic scrapbook with pages size 13x19 . is this the right printer to do this with ? i would assemble the pages with microsoft publisher with photos of varying sizes and written descriptions . then print the pages on photographic paper . « show less
does this phone support mic extensions ?
what am i missing ? i purchased these and wrote on laminated paper , and it smeared . does it take an extended drying time ?
is this sturdy enough that i can write on the paper being held by this device ?
will it work for a 5 point badge
does this scanner works with windows microsoft ?
i use a wireless mouse with my laptop . can i fit a mouse pad next to the lap top on the top shelf ?
is there an expiration date for the product ? how long will the ink+paper be useable when unopened , and when the set is opened ?
does this also have poe ?
is the planner for 2014-2015
do you know if this will hold scotch 3m freezer tape ?
will it send an alert to a cell phone ?
how many numbers can be stored on this phone
does this phone work on a regular home analog voice line ?
card stock , heavyweight coated paper capable ? samsung clp-315w color laser printer like 11 x 17in ?
what is the expiration date .
are they genuine brother cartridges ?
how wide is the tape ?
will it hold my 27 in monitor safely ? and can i fit a 5.5in x 14in speaker under it ?
is it sturdy enough to hold two 24 '' monitors on one stand ( maybe up to 50 pounds ) ?
what are the overall outside measurements of this book ?
does it hold alot
are the keys copyable ?
how does the scanner do with long ( greater than one foot ) receipts ?
if you 're out of black ink , can you use this to print documents in black and white or do you also have to buy the black ink ?
will this work for a canon mp610 all in one printer . i do n't see that particular printer stated but when googling this is what i should be buying . thx
do these cartridges have the computer chip in them ?
can you print on both sides of this paper ( canon pro platinum ) ?
how long is this wrist rest ?
what 's the width of this item at it 's widest spot ?
beautiful pen , but does the cap stay on ?
what size of letters does this board take ?
can i see whats on the scanner ( on my monitor ) prior to scanning and can i select only a portion of whats on the scanner & save it as a bitmap ?
is this item compatible with with windows 7 ?
are these good for tile floors ?
can do poster printing ? if so , how many sheets ? : 4x4 , 6x6 ? total of 16 or 36 sheets ?
worth ugprading to mp980 for better b & w photos & scanner ? own mp960 i 'm wondering if i should upgrade to the mp980 for better black and white photos and improved scanning . does the gray ink significantly improve black and white photo printing ? i already own the mp960 and love it ( except for the poor scanner . ) the mp960 has 1 big black ink and 7 smaller inks ( black , yellow , cyan , & magenta plus photo cyan and photo magenta . ) it does n't have the new gray ink.does the lack of photo cyan and photo magenta make the mp980 's color prints worse than my old mp960 ? or is it about the same as the 960 with the addition of the gray ink ?
what scan software works best with mac leopard ?
can you get the pen engraved ?
are the wheels made of rubber ?
do the wheels rotate ?
i have an expensive leather ecco golf shoe , which has thin nylon decorations stuck on its leather sides continuing towards the front . will this 527 glue make the thin nylon decorations stick to the leather sides of the shoe ? i have an expensive leather ecco golf shoe , which has thin nylon decorations stuck on its leather sides continuing towards the front . will this 527 glue make the thin nylon decorations stick to the ... » read more i have an expensive leather ecco golf shoe , which has thin nylon decorations stuck on its leather sides continuing towards the front . will this 527 glue make the thin nylon decorations stick to the leather sides of the shoe ? « show less
is there a plastic cover on the back and front of the binder , or just the front ?
can anyone tell me if this cart works on carpeting ?
does this leave a long point like a good crank sharpener would , or a stubby one like a golf pencil ?
are these completely clear ?
is it magnetic ?
i do not use by printer ofter , somethime for several months . the printer will not work even after trying to clean the heads . what do i knned to do
how accurate is the dictionary ?
does the package have the `` innobella '' trademark ? also , what is the expiration date on this product ?
what is the date on this ink ? i recently bought epson ink for my 810 printer and received dried out 2009 ink ! waste of time , money . need shelflife pls
how many books are included in the order ? its confusing because the item details lst `` 1 pack '' for $ 4 and change '' but does not mention how many in pack
how many blu-tack packs would i need to hold two large bookshelve speakers on stands ?
is there an additional paper tray available for this model ?
can it be hung either vertically or horizontally ?
is the back flat so that it can this be hung on a brick wall with velcro tape ?
can this board hang portrait and landscape ? is there mounting hardware on both sides of the frame ?
so , is there any real leather in this item ?
one reviewer said it was sticky.why is it sticky ? does it mean i can not reuse it ?
does it come with shoudler strap ?
good for my 17 inch hp laptop ?
does the handset show duration of a call ?
can it also work with foreign currency like bolivares , the code is bs ?
mac
are you supposed to remove the clear tape over the ink hole before installing , or does this get puntured when installed ?
will this memory work with macbook 13â¨ aluminum late 2008 ?
does this work in a brother hl-2040 ?
does it have a stylus above erasor ?
has anyone made a `` frame '' for this map using crown molding ? any tips ? did you assemble the whole frame then nail it in , or nail it in separate pieces ?
what is the length of the actual refill ?
odd question , i know . is the back of this calendar white ? can you see the lines through the back or are they barely visible ?
will there be 10 separate folders for each order ?
is it touchtone or a rotary dial ?
will this fit a 6x9 photo without damaging it ?
does this phone have a ringer off all phones ?
what are the dimensions of the machine ?
in the amazon picture , the cuttings look straight and not cross cut . are your cuttings angled or straight ?
are the pouches slippery ?
can you put the file side by side instead of all one row ? i had one with a divider bar ?
from the underside of what you mount it to , to the surface of the tray , how many inches of clearance are there ?
does this work for ikea markus chairs ?
anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges ?
is this an original direct from hp ?
can you use a blue ink refill with this pen ?
does this velcro come with both sides , so that i can , say , attach a remote control to a tv ?
software ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
does this phone have talking caller id ?
does it have a blinking light to indicate a voicemail ?
i have base model kx-tg7432 . is this phone will be the right one for my base unit ?
does anyone know what the output voltage is ?
my panasonic system is kx-tg1061 *without the m* . will the `` m '' phones work on my system ?
how many pages do these books have ? are the pages blank or `` fill in the blank '' ?
what size staples does it use ?
how to use them ?
how many frames are in each box ?
has anybody used the hp 8500 with a mac ? i need a new multi function printer ( scan fax print ) for my mac . does the hp 8500 work with the mac . any other multifuction printer recommended for the mac ?
i ca n't seem to find refil sleeves , any luck yet ?
does the nozzle get clogged ? do you need to use it all at once ?
do you like the pen eraser tray ?
does this chair last a long time and does it experience some tilting after months have gone by ?
does it come with the toner cartridges ?
is it wireless ?
is this tape to attach a chartpak paper to the wall ?
what is the length of the cord from the phone to the receiver ?
my printer takes the hp 56 cartridge , but when comparing c6656an , mine does n't have the `` n '' . will this work for my hp psc 2210 all-in-one printer ?
the printer recognizes these cartridges ?
what 's the difference between this vs. mfc-7440 ? i do n't understand why brother released this model , it is basically the same as the more expensive 7440 model , only that the 7440 prints 23 paper per minute , and the 7340 only 21 ppm.anything else ? what 's the difference between this vs. mfc-7440 ? i do n't understand why brother released this model , it is basically the same as the more expensive 7440 model , only that the 7440 prints 23 ... » read more what 's the difference between this vs. mfc-7440 ? i do n't understand why brother released this model , it is basically the same as the more expensive 7440 model , only that the 7440 prints 23 paper per minute , and the 7340 only 21 ppm.anything else ? « show less
can i use these in my canon mx300 printer ?
does the canon lide 700f scan 35mm slides ? the information here and the canon site both talk about strips of film but never say that there is a 35mm slide adapter . do i have to demount and remount every slide . everywhere i read information it appears they are avoiding the issue ... does the canon lide 700f scan 35mm slides ? the information here and the canon site both talk about strips of film but never say that there is a 35mm slide adapter . do i have to demount and remount ... » read more does the canon lide 700f scan 35mm slides ?
i want something that will print odd sizes of paper ( i.e. , a notecard that is 4.25 x 8.25 ) . will this accept that ?
what is the core dimension ?
how old is it
does it have a built in storage compartment ?
is this phone v-tech # cs6229-2 a wall mount ?
loud ? i 'm hard of hearing and need a good loud volume in addition to clear sound.can anyone tell me if it has a decent volume level ?
will these bases support multiple phone lines ? two is what we need
does this phone have a call waiting feature with caller id ?
can you use as an intercom between handsets ?
can the ringer be turned off at the extension ?
is it new and have a warranty
will this work with my at & t cl81219 model ?
is the handset cord connected to the base using a standard phone cord connector ( rj11 ) ?
can ringer be turned off ?
does this include the computer software ? is this a complete bundle ? does it have everything you need to get started ?
does this scale work with stamp.com 's software ?
can this be used when lying in bed with hard cover and paperback books ?
will this substitue for pelikan 4001 ?
how do i load the lead ?
do these converters are refitables ?
will this ink fit kodak 3200 printer
what is the warranty on this ?
could these be used for a two-sided poster that hangs in the center of the room , visible from both sides ?
would this work on something mounted on 1 4 '' foam core , or does the rail not expand wide enough ?
is this solid wood or mdf , or particle board ?
does the corner base piece provide any space inside of it to hide cords power strips etc , or is it a solid cube all the way up ?
how do i retreive caller lis on siemens landline ?
product dimensions list 9.2 x 5 x 0.8 inches . is this correct ?
scanning packets = one file w muli pg or multiple files for each page  it would create one file for each page ? « show less
i ca n't get this to lay flat . how have others flattened it out from the shipping rolled up state ?
has anyone else had the experience of the cartridge leaking toner ?
will this take rolodex blank cards , if you want to add hand written contact info ?
what kind of battery does it have ?
does it tell what an abbreviation is ?
where are the screws located ?
replaceable blades ?
auto shut off when toner runs out does anyone know if this printer will refuse to print when it detects toner is low ? my sister owns a brother laser printer , and the printer will indicate toner is low and will not print anything unless the toner is replaced . i am wary of how accurate the indicator is and thus would rather be able to print even if the toner is low and streaking until i decide to go buy a new toner cartridge.
does this have a usb port only ?
does it make sense to buy this now , 2+ years after it was released ?
does this printer have wireless capabilities ?
from the front to the back , how long is this stand ?
can i use a inkjet printer ?
will this operate with windows 8.1 ?
will this scan to email ? how many emails can i store and scan to ?
does this cart come with the liner ?
does this calculator come with a protective case and usb cable ?
what size sd card does this calculator take ? is there a maximum gb size ?
my current hauser 777sf refill has the pen spring attached to it , it appears ? none of these compatible hauser 777 refills have it ?
how long did your last ?
can this be set-up for fax forwarding to email ?
does this have dura max porcelain ?
can i do skype messaging ? send and receive email on this phone with picture and video attachments ?
is this a pencil that can be use by an adult as well ? or is the size suited only for children ?
all same color ?
how well does this printer do with primary colors compared to the epson stylus photo r200 , which it was designed to replace ?
would this fit this laptop dell inspiron 15r 15.6-inch ? i just bought it and it is hurting my writs ? shall i get another laptop ?
will this printer print in black if i install only a black ink cartridge ?
is this the wireless version ?
how do you create and print a barcode ?
i bought my aeron chair without the arms completely . does this item include both the screws , arms , and armrest covers needed to add arms to my chair ?
will this work with an inkjet printer ?
is it a 3 '' diameter core
does it come complete with the double sided ink pad and ink for $ 4.94 ?
are there font options ?
windows 7 compatibility is this compatible with windows 7 without a big driver download hassle ?
do epson photo papers have logo or other printing on the back ?
is this an 8 or 10 digit calculator ?
is this set good for hp officejet print 8500 ( hp ink cartridge 940 , 940xl ) and 9500 series ?
buy handsets ? can i buy 2 handsets ?
will this phone work plugged into majic-jack and a computer ? what keeps it charged ?
why does this machine need a `` replacement ribbon '' i have the earlier model -- -probably 20 years old -- that has not needed any replacement ribbon .
games is not shown on the menu or what the 5 games are & if anagrams is one of them ?
can this be used to scan and import business cards into outlook ?
how do these crates hold up in sun , heat and cold ?
can this material be easily cut ?
how many ribbons are in this pack 1 or 2 ?
is it hearing aid compatible ?
i own a welding shop . it can get noisy in the work area where i want to install this phone . do you think the volume of the speaker are good enough ?
how many 8x10 prints can you print before refilling ?
will this work w remmington model two from circa 1926 ?
will 19 '' rack mount electronics fit inside the locked portion of the cabinet ?
i just purchased a smith corona galexie scm portable model from an antique shop . would this spool ribbon fit ?
is this can work with nis shekels ?
what is the weight capacity ?
can you mount this on the wall ?
i bought 3 of these on 7 29. they worked until last week when all 3 expired based on date . can the chips be reset ?
what is the grip ring stem ?
does this pencil have an eraser ?
what is the thickness of this pad ? is it skinny like a cd or thicker like a fat pancake ?
can you use a headset with this phone ?
does this one click into place when closed ?
what are the requirements for having something written on top be copied through to each page ? will a stamp and or writing in ink work ?
can anyone provide an example of this black red ? i do n't seem to understand what this may look like or means .
does this have to be connected to computer , or will it work on its own ?
can you turn ringer off ?
where do the pictures load - top or side ?
is this a fisher space pen product ? or a different off-brand like trekker ?
works on windows 7 platform ?
does the corded base phone needs an electric outlet ?
what is the size ( in mm ) of the nibs ?
just received the cabinet and the 2 drawers are locked ! any idea where the key would be ?
hi ! does this pen come with a converter or a catridge ? do i need to buy a ink converter seperately ?
does any of hp or compact photo printer use large memory cards 4,8 , or 16gb ?
what is the capacity of these envelopes ?
can you set a frequency so that more than one computer can work separately ? what if you have two or more computers within the 50 ft range ?
does this phone show voicemail calls on the base , not on the handset ?
are the dimensions 11x17 width then length or visa versa ?
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
what is the overall dimention of this prduct h w d
how durable is this once it starts getting really full of paper ?
what kind of batteries does this need and do them come in the re-chargeable kind ?
what wireless headsets will work with the panasonic kx-tg9382t 2 line digital cordless phone ?
may i know whether this set come with a gift box ?
when was this manufactured ?
film slide holder for canon pixma 990 the printer does n't include the film slide holder for scanning . could n't find it in accessories on canon or amazon websites . could n't find it in stores ( best buy , staples , etc ) either . could anyone let me know where i can buy them ?
will this ink print on pvc cards ?
can this scan multiple pages at a time ?
will this work with my chromebook ?
how wide can you expand it ?
accurate ! weight ?
can ooma send a phone signal to my existing 5 wired phones in my home ? each has their own jack . or , do i have to replace them with wireless sets ?
what is the actual height ?
how many copies
toner
how do you use a refurbished toner cartridge and reset the page counter ?
how long is it ?
what exactly is the clearance underneath ?
what are the dimensions of the chair gap ? ( how high wide deep -- need to see if my desk chair fits )
does it work for epson l355 ?
if not why is shorter length more expensive
how many sheets can this really shred ?
does this come with cartridges ?
how well does this product scan super 8 film ?
do you need to have a white board to project on to , or will elmo project on a chalk board ?
what are the dimensions of the weighing surface ?
is this cd compatible with windows 7 ?
is this and the software that comes with the scanner compatible with mac osx computers ?
are the envelopes see through and cheap ? or will they cover the card ?
hello ! i would like to know if this seals can be used with my personal embosser machine . is it metallic foil ?
what are the dimensions ?
are there arms i can buy for this chair ?
is this a metal file cabinet or wood ?
is it necessary for the pen to be connected to a computer while scanning ?
is it 8 1 2 x 11 or 3 x 6 x 10 inches ?
sise for printing pictures
does this help keep your foot from sliding on the mat ?
where can i buy black ink for this ?
does it come with a toner cartridge ? thinking of getting a new printer and this one looks decent . wondering if i need to buy a toner cartridge right off or does it come with one ? we do n't print enough to keep our inkjet from drying out , so even a small sample cartridge would probably last us a while . does it come with a toner cartridge ? thinking of getting a new printer and this one looks decent . wondering if i need to buy a toner cartridge right off or does it come with one ? we do n't print ... » read more does it come with a toner cartridge ? thinking of getting a new printer and this one looks decent . wondering if i need to buy a toner cartridge right off or does it come with one ? we do n't print enough to keep our inkjet from drying out , so even a small sample cartridge would probably last us a while . « show less
what are the dimensions ?
what is the weight capacity ?
this is ink right ?
how do these compare to the black dixon ticonderoga pencils ? i have been using the black ones ( not the yellow - there seems to be a difference between the two to us ) lately as they seem to be the best choice out there . how do these compare to the black dixon ticonderoga pencils ? i have been using the black ones ( not the yellow - there seems to be a difference between the two to us ) lately as they seem ... » read more how do these compare to the black dixon ticonderoga pencils ? i have been using the black ones ( not the yellow - there seems to be a difference between the two to us ) lately as they seem to be the best choice out there . « show less
has anyone experienced the inability to draw ink with the small syringe after filling the cartridge with ink ?
about how many 4x6 prints can you make with the cartridge that cones with this printer ?
unstructions say to use a sleeve , but no sleeves provided in box . should i scan anyway ?
i must be brain dead also how in the world do you get the back coaster to stay in place . i got the plate and the coaster screwed together . slip out
do both drawers lock ?
crap ... posted before i meant to ... will those hang inside the cabinet w o having to purchase any other accessories ?
is this a 2-drawer lateral file cabinet , or is the top just a plain drawer for storage ?
do the hanging folders stay in place or do they occasionally fall off the track ?
does this black ink cartridge work with the kodak hero 7.1 ?
what is the weight capacity ?
how many file folders does it hold
is this 110-220v capable ?
iphone 5 compatible ?
does this printer come with the cables ? power and usb
it calls this product `` beige '' , but the picture is dark brown , and when i put it in my shopping cart , it shows a picture of it in green . which is it ?
i just asked how deep the drawers are . i do n't mean front to back , i mean how tall are they ?
i ca n't see how to get a battery in . where is the battery compartment ?
does it come with a cover , or case ?
does it come with the power cord or batteries ?
is there a replacement blade for the lead pointer blade ?
how many picels
what are the dimensions of the compartment for groceries , laundry etc . how much will it hold . 1 bag of groceries ? load of laundry ?
how do i save the scanned photo on my apple macbook pro ? photo scanner save enter hourglass appears but ca n't find the photos in a file ?
what phones can you use i.e reg.corded , cordless etc ?
can you order a cover for this cart , possibly with a velcro closure ?
where is hp 's estimated page count ? every other manufacturer lists the approximate number of pages that can be printed with an average 5 % coverage . what is hp not telling you ? that you pay more for toner with lower yield than others . where is hp 's estimated page count ? every other manufacturer lists the approximate number of pages that can be printed with an average 5 % coverage . what is hp not telling you ? that you pay ... » read more where is hp 's estimated page count ? every other manufacturer lists the approximate number of pages that can be printed with an average 5 % coverage . what is hp not telling you ? that you pay more for toner with lower yield than others . « show less
what 's the internal measurement of this cart ? can i fit files that are 11x17 inches flat inside ?
is th box made from recycled material
can this be used in `` reverse '' mode to play audio from a pc into a telephone for broadcast purposes ?
are you able to transfer calls between agents ?
does the planner start with august ?
canthis phone work without electric power ? even though the features like readouts do not ?
i purchased another grace planner ( teal color with fish ) for 2015. there are not notes pages between each weekly page . does this branches birds version still notes between each week in 2015 ?
does this work on hp envy 4502 ?
do you have to plug the wall unit into an electrical socket ?
what are the trays made of
does it do regular time ? not military time !
will this work on hp photosmart c4680 , ( it 's 60xl on the label of the ink tub ) ?
lazer jet ?
how is the scanner on black and white negatives ?
will the new model 470 scanner fit in this case ?
how many magnets are there ? where on board is it located ( i.e . top middle , each corner etc ) ? how big is the magnet ?
what is the thickness of the material ? is it suitable to be used on a vinyl plotter ?
anyone using it with windows 8 ?
is the size of the xl cartridge larger then the standard cartridge ?
does the printer allow you to print 2x3 photobooth prints ?
is the black ink cartride necessary to function properly.i boughtthe epson 124
hi . this desk is labeled as 31 inches high . i assume this is with the wheels . is this correct ?
what are the pros and cons of the usb star printer versus the bluetooth printer ?
does this product require paper rolls ?
can i use it with custom printed labels , assuming the correct size ?
was the sim card included in the packing because i did not recieve one ?
how do the drawers open without handles ?
will this work in a childs car seat or will it be too wide ?
couple questions:1. what type+size paper could be used ? 2.how would i add a ( hard ) cover to the papers ?
is this a manual or automatic machine ?
what type size of binding combs does this machine use ?
does the printer come with one ink to start out ?
does this printer print directly onto cd dvd printable media as does the c309a ?
does this have single letter tabs ?
will this work with the epson artisan 1430 wireless color wide-formant inkjet printer
grey ink for canon pixma 980 ?
what is the expiration date of the ink tanks ?
how many cartridges are in the pack ?
why do they have 2 sizes of black 226 small and a canon pgi-225 bk , is there a setting on my cannon printer to choose black only ?
what type of material is this drawer made out of ?
is this scanner compatible with windows 8.1
what is the weight limit ?
which product do you recomend for cardstock and card making .
what info shows on the screen ?
how many pages at one time does it cut
can this product be used in a hp officejet 6700 premium printer copier ?
what would be a great way to hang this map besides thumbtacks ?
how does this memo board mount onto the wall ?
what is the page size for the add 1109 refill ?
does this work with windows 7 and 8 ?
does this scanner include ocr software ?
headset jack ?
can this unit hold a 30 inch hd monitor ?
i am looking for an adhesive to reattach plastic trim molding - between the carpet and the body- surrounding the interior of my car doors . is this the stuff that i should use ?
are the labels permanent or removable ?
will this cartridge fit hp laserjet m1212nf mfp ?
do you think this could be safely installed on a glass top desk or what type desk top would work best ?
toner ?
is this all 4 drum units or just one unit ?
how many pages print
is there a way to set the printer to print more pages to get the best use of the toner ?
does is make copies of documents ?
can you purchase and replace the print head on this model canon pixma mg8120 . purchased in 2011
does it convert 35 mm slides to digital images ?
what sizes of barbs are contained in the kit ?
does this phone have a wall mount ?
can it weigh under an ounce ?
is the chalkboard magnetic ?
is this chalkboard magnetic ?
how many pages will it print
when hanging legal folders in bottom drawer , do they hang side-to-side or front-to-back ? does the drawer pull out far enough to access all folders ?
i replaced all ink cartriges . black was n't working before and still is n't . i 've cleaned the printhead 6 times . still no printing in black . help
manual corrections
can you scan directly to email ?
i have a 17 '' alienware laptop which is pretty heavy . i was wondering about much weight it can handle ?
will it hold securely on a concrete floor , like in a garage side door . or will it just slip when pushed ?
does anyone have a link to the manual booklet ?
are the pens non-toxic ?
are these compatable with the mg 5500 pixma unit ?
where can i get the manual for the cannon mf4570dn
are these purchased individually or are they in packs of several ? if they are in packs , how many boxes are in a pack ?
how thick is the card stock ? how many lbs ?
the copy i need folded can be as big as 12 '' x12 '' and the deminsion description on here is wacky . will it accomodate larger sizes than 8.5 '' ?
what are the dimensions of the attachment ?
does this come with `` starter '' cartridges ? or full size ink cartridges ?
does this drum unit come with the toner cartridges as well ?
hello ! can anyone please tell me how this system works with editing entering missed punches ? easy or difficult ? any insight would help .
do u need a install cd- to hook it up , and wired to your computer ?
how can i use ? do i need software ?
what are the maximum character lengths per line of customization on these stamps ? different per line ? different per stamp type ? ( rectangle vs. round ) my main concern is that i have a 13-letter long last name ( and 6-letter long first name ) . i 'm just hoping they 'll all fit on the same line ... : - what are the maximum character lengths per line of customization on these stamps ? different per line ? different per stamp type ? ( rectangle vs. round ) my main concern is that i have a ... » read more what are the maximum character lengths per line of customization on these stamps ? different per line ? different per stamp type ?
epson xp610 printer with 273 ink cartridges . will this resetter work on this epson product ?
was just wondering if there is room for a child 's fingers to get stuck ?
does this printer have automatic 2 sided print ?
will this work for an aventura fountain pen ?
what is the height of the bottom of the screen when on the stand ?
does this model include a magnetic stripe encoder ?
how do you clean an hp laserjet pro cp1525nw color printer ?
does anyone know if this printer will work on 220 voltage ?
can this scanner be used with batteries ?
how much weight will this arm support ?
does it have that wasted blank tape in front of every print ?
will it scan 110 film negatives
is there a way to over ride a replace toner message ?
so ... this is just the drum , and does *not* include any of the four toners cartridges ?
does it have a microphone to be able to translate an english lecture into chinese ?
is assembly required ?
what is the power adapter voltage ( 110v or 230v )
i understand that in order to build this chair i do n't need to install the arms , but can i build the chair and then take them off and on when i please ?
can you print only with rolls of paper and what is the smallest width paper that can be used with this model ?
how many business cards does this hold ? theresa woliver
how do we get this engraved ?
does the cabinet come assembled ?
does it have a talking caller id ?
is this producct made of cheap plasticc or is it a metal stand ?
are these printed on card stock or regular paper ?
how is this shredder emptied ? does top come off or does the basket have to be pulled out and emptied , leaving shredded paper around the machine ?
can i show automatic deductions for breaks and lunch each day ?
will this form come with the current tax year printed on it ?
does it copy ?
if purchased , is the warranty and service covered in canada ?
does the kx-fl421 come with an ink cartridge and if so about how many copies pages will this start up cartridge print ?
by the description the chair measures 30.3x25.2x13 . so what is 13 inches ? seat width ? seat depth ? i 'm confused by this small measurement ?
what is the weight capacity for this model chair ?
does it come with black light ?
are each set of keys exclusively for the lock it is attached to or does it open any all locks in the set ?
how wide is the keyboard shelf ?
how to open stamper to replace ink pad ?
my printer is a distance from my computer tower . does cable have to run from printer to drawer or can it run from computer to drawer ?
i just received my cartridges today and my printer says it is not detecting the color cartridge . how do i fix this ?
how many gallons is it ?
what size are the ink refill bottles ?
the important thing is full extension drawers ! are they full extension or not ?
how much does it weight ?
is this ok for imageclass d530 ?
i 've read that some have received this product flat and others rolled in a box . i prefer this flat , can you guarantee this ?
which is your thichest & sturdiest mat ?
how wide is the tray including the moust pad ? can you put the mouspad over the keyboard and then slide under the desk so it will fit under desk that are not very wide ?
does this binder have a carrying handle ?
is this file cabinet metal or wood ?
will this support a brother hl-5170dn laser printer which weighs 32 lbs . without paper ?
0.5 or 0.7 ?
can you scan photos ? also , will it be in color ?
weight capacity ?
is it easy to get the pencil in and out ?
is there a do not disturb button ? the phone will still record an incoming message , it just wo n't ring and wake everyone up ?
what replacement wheels would you suggest ?
does anyone know the dpi numbers for this printer ?
how do i get it to print correctly ?
does this come with usb cables ? are they 3.0 or 2.0 ?
what is the best percentage of ratings on these cartridges for a mfc495cs printer
i keep seeing pictures and videos of this . if you install in epson artisan 1430 do you have to print with the top of the printer open ?
when i put in my cart it says 23.17 plus 12.22 shipping ?
why ?
how many pages does the manufacturer say it is supposed to print ?
will this do that ? or is the data erased after printing ?
what is the warm up time for this postal scale ?
how does the printer handle envelopes ? do they go in the way paper does , or do they go in sideways ? are there any media loaded incorrectly problems ?
is it easy to turn pages ?
is this cardboard - will it bend easily .
does this come with any vinyl sheet protectors ? if so , how many ?
does the tilt adjust to the point of being completely parallel to the floor ?
are the black corners removable ?
how long can this unit run before stopping or shutting down ?
would this work ?
does it scan negitives from the 40s and 50s ?
how the strip edges looks like its soft or rough , because i want to use it for my quilling paper
is it good for scanning photos ? are the colours accurate ? do some scans have white lines ? does it auto-crop poorly ( like cutting out black areas ) ?
does anybody use this for engineering purposes , printing cad files and 11x17 site plans or for similar purposes . if so , are they crisp and clear ?
are they oem cartridges ?
i need an electronic speaking dictionary for english . a translator for french and perhaps it can speak french.what model do you recommend ?
i want only to copy old negatives . what size negatives does it take ? all sizes ? how does it work with negatives ?
do these ink cartridges come in the original box ( packaging ) ?
will a 10xl black ink cartridge work in this printer ?
does this phone need an electrical outlet ?
does it have an audible beep when there is a pending message ?
does this paper fit in the franklin covey classic binder ?
what kind of headset can i use with this phone .
will the bracket hold a 30 lb sign ?
i just need a toner cartridge for my hp 1102w and this came up . well whats the deal ?
is the ink of staedler pigment liner alcohol proof ?
how tall is it with the legs extended and the top in the down position ?
how many pages can you print ?
will it track well with naos 7000 or any other optical mouse ?
is there any way to run cords into it ?
does this board come with a marker or eraser ?
i am confused by the size statements . 'b ' paper is 11x17 , 'super b ' paper is 13x19 . so which is it ?
do these pencils come already sharpened ?
is this suitable for shrink wrap
does it work with 220v 50hz ?
do the 4-color toners come with the xerox 6500 printer ?
i want to purchase these to put my 4yr olds tracing sheet in . she would be going over the letter and numbers a few time . would these be thick enough ?
can you use multiple handsets at the same time ? can more than one handset be used for a call at the same time ? or will i have to transfer the call to another handset if the call is for the other person ? can you use multiple handsets at the same time ? can more than one handset be used for a call at the same time ? can more than one handset be used for a call at the same time ? or will i have to transfer the call to another handset if the call is for the other person ? « show less
will this cord fit a lexmark x5320 printer ?
does the calculator come with a rechargeable battery ?
will this unit work in canada ?
can you `` dial all '' the handsets using the intercom so they all ring ?
does it have an audible message alert ?
measurement ?
will these hold the card and an envelope ?
the mdel number of my base is kx-tg6641b could you please confirm if this hadset will work with my current base ?
does names and numbers show large on the display screen ?
whether it is possible that charging was on 220 volts
can the ringer be shut off ?
what about the viewing screen , can you read the screen without a magnifying glass ?
does this hand set for the ls6405 have the push talk feature ?
does the rotating mechanism work well for most others ? i ca n't seem to notice it no matter how hard i try .
will this fit the hp 7645 ? it measures 20x18x8
can anyone confirm that the chips come with the refills , and if so , the page count ?
what size lead is the pencil ?
how comfortable is it to hold up to the ear ? and how is the sound quality ?
does it display phone numbers of unknown incoming callers ... ..numbers that are not programed into it ?
how many pagers comes with it ?
did people who rated this high have the problem of getting a premature `` low toner '' message like those who gave it a low rating are complaining about ?
i 'm using topps 1975 tall boy trading cards that are 3x5 . are your dimensions accurate ?
anyone use a stool with this ? if so , what height stool ?
is the whiteboard double-sided ?
does it mold inside
would this work with a recliner with arm rests ?
colored pencils
is there a slot on the inside along the side so that a normal notebook instead of a notepad could be used with this ?
are the cards flat like a postcard , or are they folded over like a hallmark card usually is ?
is this compatible with the ipad 2 ?
how to fix my printer it wont feed paper and when it trys it goes crocked
is there an audio signal when there are messages ?
is there a single feed paper tray ?
does this product come with a power base ?
which side is the margin on ?
can this be used on a regular desk ? or is this just an add-on product to be used with another product from this manufacturer ?
i have a motorola dect 6.0 l702m . will this work as an addionail handseat ?
does the handset have speakerphone capabilities ?
is ths pointer wirelles ?
is this printer wireless ?
can it only print in black ?
will these fit the pilot mr pencil ?
is it high enough if i do n't want my feet to be below the level of my bottom while i 'm setting on desk chair ?
does it print double sided pages ?
what are the sleep and deep sleep options ? have any of the current users had issues waking the printer up remotely to start a print ?
i 'm looking to put this on a cabinet with shelves above it . how tall is it when the scanner tray is in the up position ?
are these easily refillable ?
how do you fold these ?
how is it on stairs
please let me know if i can get consumable for this printer . also if you can explain to me how this compares to the p510k . seriously intereste
does it connect to a pc or mac via usb port ?
scan 12 '' x12 '' pages ?
is it for use with ink jet printer
how do wrinkled receipts do in scanner ?
venezuelan airplane account ?
what is continuous run time ?
can this refill be used for a starter cartridge from hl-2240 ?
kokuyo harinacs japanese stapleless stapler black ( office product ) question - when you staple paper with this stapleless stapler , is there is a hole left on the paper ? i am looking for one that does not leave a hole but will kinda crimp or emboss the paper sort of . kokuyo harinacs japanese stapleless stapler black ( office product ) question - when you staple paper with this stapleless stapler , is there is a hole left on the paper ? i am looking for one that ... » read more kokuyo harinacs japanese stapleless stapler black ( office product ) question - when you staple paper with this stapleless stapler , is there is a hole left on the paper ? i am looking for one that does not leave a hole but will kinda crimp or emboss the paper sort of . « show less
is the color of the lead black ? or darker than a regular pencil ?
do i need a home phone line ?
what are the dimensions on the whole frame ( not just the inserts ) ?
does this product come with a template and the laser cards ?
will this drx100 range extender work with my d1780-3 uniden cordless phone system ?
how do u hook it on
is the flat surface somewhat angled ?
is this scanner self sheet feeding
is this product mac compatible ?
is it air print compatible
what is the height of this printer ?
will it work with a windows 7 home premium 64 bit system ?
can you shut off all 4 ringers ?
how tall of stack of paper can it cut cleanly ?
does this phone come with a stand ?
will brother hl-2280dw have compatibility problem ? will it recognize your artridge ?
what is the standard warranty ?
i believe the name of the actual hammer is mjolnir ? looks good though
can the base be mounted on a wall ?
will this work with hp desk jet all in one wireless 2540 printer ?
will this ink pack work for a hp photosmart d110a ?
are the armrests padded ?
does this include the letter and mailing tube attachment accessories ?
does this printer work well with mac ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
will it shred newspaper ?
can you tell me how tall this is ( including the handle ) ? and what diameter the cups are ?
can i use this laser pointer also for flash applications ? i need it for a game ( bundesratspiel ) . any help is much appreciated !
are the cards double sided ? are the lines printed on the back ?
is it 3 handsets plus the one on the base- making it 4 in total ? and , can you see missed calls on the display ?
hello . i would like to know if are they compatible with hp f4583 ?
is it the metal or plastic
can you use color chalk on this board ?
does this or any other cheaper coin sorter , sort 50 cent pieces ?
what are the specifications for ordering replacement tags in a variety of lengths ?
i would like to know the approximate size of this calculator . i have one i would like to duplicate in size and it is 5.5 inches x 7.5 inches . how big is this one ?
how many credit cards does it hold ?
how many pages will this one do ?
can this type of ink be used ? http : www.amazon.com gp product b00hs95ee8 ref=ox_sc_act_image_1 ?
what are the dimensions of this unit and what size batteries does it use ?
will it hold laptop & mouse ?
does it weigh tenths of a gram ?
hi i want to know if this printer print cds ?
will the cards fit in a normal size wallet sleeve once in the protecttors ?
is this 112v hard wired with battery backup .
does it collapse ( flat ) ?
what is the height of the receiver ? ty .
i use both canon 104 and brother tn450 in my office , will these work on canon 104 as well ?
does this one compatible with canon mf4880dw printer ?
are these perforated ?
how thick is the paper…will markers or ink go through to the back side ?
does the pen have pen pin to put in a shirt pocket ?
sol corp ( non eom ) 4 pack refill kit how many grams per bottle , 100grams per bottle or 100grams for 4 bottles
does the unit retain messages after the power is turned off ?
could you wrap a fabric around this cork board ?
would i be able to open up the frame and remove the cork ?
is there an address book in this book ?
which pencil lead is the finest line the .05 or the .07 ?
if i leave these on the shell for three months , will they still be any good ?
what kind of labels does this machine take ?
what is the inside diameter of the tube ?
anyone know if the sticky side will adhere to cotton fabric ? would like to use velcro instead of buttons to open and close the flap on my haversack .
if there are any technical difficulties with the cartridges are they covered by a warranty ? and will my printer have issues identifying them ?
will this work on the canon 5420
will it run on a mac os x version 10.5.8 ?
how many cordless handsets are included ?
is it waterproof ?
does this phone and port use wifi or does it have to be plugged into the router please as only like for a wifi internet phone ?
can this ibe used with an asterisk pbx server ?
can you tell me what the measurement of the journal ( not the leather cover - the actual journal ) is please ?
what is the max this blade will cut ? can it trim my 18 '' paper ?
how do you refil it ? is it a cartredge or draw to fill type ?
will this scanner work with windows 8.1 ?
how do i know the one i order is not a fake ?
what is the size of the platform ?
is there a way not to get to get auto power off ?
are 950 and 951 interchangable ?
does this fit the hp 8630 ?
work on 8620 ?
is anyone who is buying these printing a lot of volume ?
is this refill toner ink dry or liquid please ?
does this phone have speed dial where you push only one button ?
i am looking for some white plastic sheets letter size is okay that i can cut stars out of it . it has to be solid white . will this work ?
does it come with cbs logo ?
maybe i missed it ... ..can this be mounted to a wall , back of a door , wood panel ... stuff like that ? it does not have to sit on a table top does it ?
where can you find the adapter to mount this with screws ?
i can hear just fine but am visually impaired , would you reccomend ? also does it have a speakerphone button ? does it have a flash button for when someone is calling you ?
if used as a front desk phone , can my assistant forward connect callers to me on my cell if i 'm out of the office ?
it does n't look as if there 's a holder for the chalk . is there a place to put the chalk ?
what are the dimensions of the unit
does this work with windows 8 ?
how long is the padded part of the arm rest ? in other words , how long is it from one end of only the padded part to the other end of it ?
how long does it take to warm up ?
does it come with toner ?
what are the dimensions ?
is the privacy panel included or has to be order separate ?
i have a dell v510 printer , can i use any of these ink cartridges offered by amazon ?
does this actually have ability for an optional hot-swappable battery ?
i 'm trying to install the outlook plug-in , but it is telling me outlook is not installed . of course , it is . i 'm running outlook 2013 , any ideas ?
for caller id identification , can you record who is calling or does the machine announce the caller ?
does it have a light that indicates when it is heated ready to use ?
can these be printed on a regular inkjet printer ?
can this work with any epson printer ?
can a document be more than 1 page ?
your ad shows $ 4.61 shipping per $ 5.95 desktop calendar -- i want to order 18 -- can i get a shipping break ? -
also , up to what paper weight does this work for ?
is mg8220 compatible with apple computer ?
i want to use for amazon fba on a zebra lp2844 , but in the shipping queue i can only print out labels on full pages . how do you format for lp2844 ?
is this non-toxic ?
i want to make name labels for a non-magnetic whiteboard calendar . could i print multiple name labels , cut them up , and have people re-use them ?
how do i move the ink cartidge tray on epson sx425 to replace ink please i cant fig out
is this phone compatable with gigaset dx800a ?
we print to card stock thick papare for our cards . does this printer use this thickness of paper without jamming ?
unlike similar converters , the product does n't seem to have a preview screen . is it hidden or does it simply not have one ?
i am using paypal here on my android phone . can i use this printer to print a receipt wirelessly ?
will it hold credit cards ?
what color are the cards
are the name plates all the same size
has epson fixed the leaking ink issue ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
creating custom hockey pucks for friends wedding . will be using laserjet and wondering how well they stick to hard rubber ?
can i use a inkjet printer with these labels ?
mouse use : will padded pebble-grained side panel edge ( from grey to red ) interfere with mouse moving in that area ?
does it scan double sided simultaneously ?
what mac os system can it work with ?
i am having a prob with the adf . the printer keeps asking me to put the document on the glass instead . any suggestions on how to fix this ?
what is the weight capacity ?
do you have problems with the lexmark pro915 scanning photos ?
is the ac power supply included ?
there are so many tapes ! what is best to purchase for the next tape needed ?
does the feeder come off for packing in your suitcase ?
will not print black , is it from the printhead ?
does this work with a mac ?
i just moved and i ca n't find the cords to my printer where can i find the cords
is it compatible with mac notebook ?
what king of ink an #
where is paper feeder ?
highest scanner resolution ?
does it enlarge reduce documents ? does the mfcj825dw do that ? my current hp aio officejet 6500 e710n-z does but the feeder is broken and hp is no help . does it enlarge reduce documents ? does the mfcj825dw do that ? my current hp aio ... » read more does it enlarge reduce documents ? does the mfcj825dw do that ? my current hp aio officejet 6500 e710n-z does but the feeder is broken and hp is no help . « show less
are the wheels removable ?
when and how do the routing numbers get printed
replacement battery part number , sku or other information needed . how do i order a replacement battery ?
how is this pen filled ? also any suggestions on ink i can buy ?
would like to buy more converters but do n't know what brand ? recommendations please .
can i use this to repair paper lantern ?
will this work in a lexmark pro915 printer ?
does this unit comes with retractable desk option ?
is it compatible with windows xp ? does it stop printing if one cartridge is empty ?
do these seats bolt up to the standard 4 bolt jon boat or bass hunter type seat frames ?
is this the pc or mac version ?
our fridge is kind of rounded , is this board flexible ?
will this refill work with hp envy 4500
what color is the ink ?
can i scan multiple pages as a single pdf file and be sent to my email ?
can headphones be used ?
how well does the `` linkyo compatible canon 128 ( 3500b001 ) toner cartridge '' live up to it 's 2100 copy claim , and what about the print quality ?
excuse me how many months you give warranty and why you sell it
hp officejet pro 8600 great hardware lousy connectivity software i have had 5 hours of wasted hp help center communication to resolve problems with error message and failed functions that all appear due to my desktop not always recognizing the availability of the printer and scanner . hp could not resolve the problems despite running their multiple diagnostic software programs . when working , the printer is great with superb features . i wonder if the hp has a problem when the desktop connects to the network via ethernet while the printer is on wifi ? i doubt it since connecting the printer via ethernet did not resolve the issues . has anyone else come up with these problems ( e.g . printer error messages while it prints perfectly ) and potential fixes ? hp officejet pro 8600 great hardware lousy connectivity software i have had 5 hours of wasted hp help center communication to resolve problems with error message and failed functions that all ... » read more hp officejet pro 8600 great hardware lousy connectivity software i have had 5 hours of wasted hp help center communication to resolve problems with error message and failed functions that all appear due to my desktop not always recognizing the availability of the printer and scanner . hp could not resolve the problems despite running their multiple diagnostic software programs . when working , the printer is great with superb features . i wonder if the hp has a problem when the desktop connects to the network via ethernet while the printer is on wifi ? i doubt it since connecting the printer via ethernet did not resolve the issues . has anyone else come up with these problems ( e.g . printer error messages while it prints perfectly ) and potential fixes ? « show less
does it scan in colored documents ?
ocr
does the top swivel ?
is it imported from what country ?
is this only compatible with windows ?
does it come with ocr software ?
is this product packaged in the original box ?
how many phone numbers can be saved in the phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
does this work with apple computers ( mac and macbook pro ) ?
i am assuming this is basically 36 x 36 with the lip brining it to 48 ?
does it have bluetooth ?
epson says the t580a00 is for the the 3880 printer , not the 3800. the 3800 uses the ( non-vivid ) version which is t580300 . does anyone know for sure ?
what ink cartridge does it use ?
does this printer have efax ?
will not scan our bar codes !
is this printer support windows 7 ?
does th ebasket pull out or does th elid have ot be removed to empty ?
anyone know if this printer will take 17 x 11 paper ?
is this printer brand new ? does it have the 1 year warranty included ?
can you draw on these ? would sharpies work ?
want to know where to install the cartridge into the printer
what kind ink do i use
what kind of ink cartridge # does it use ?
can you use avery 4150 labels with this printer ?
would this work for a chair or sofa use ?
can i put a magnet on it , will it stick ?
dose this support pivot ( portrait , rotate the monitor vertically ) ?
is this cartridge the same as the 200xl
will this printer use 200xl cartridges
what weight of cardstock can this print ?
does it duplex print ?
will the second tray hold legal size paper ?
do you have to replace the color ink at the same time as the black ink ?
i 'm trying to find ink for my cannon mg3200 and this product came up , will it work in mine ?
this product is messy and does n't function as well as what i purchased with ebay .
i have a t1 line coming into my office that splits at the hub one for data and one for voice . would this sytem work or is their another system you wou
will this printer continue to print black ( grayscale ) if the any one of the color toners are out ?
will cannon cl240xl fit the pixma mg3222 printer ? is is same actual size as cl240 or is it a larger size cartridge ?
is this the fr650 model ?
does this printer works with ipad or iphone5 ?
is there call waiting ?
does it have an owner 's manual ?
are there sensors that read the bills that need to be cleaned
is this ink work with mg5320 model
could this be mounted upside down on a shelf that is behind and above the desk ?
do these phones have headset jack capability ?
is power supply included
how fast does the envelope printer print ? is it dependent on the printer model it 's plugged into ? what subset of the printer speed would it be then ?
does it possible to purchase a power converter to convert 220v to 110v ?
print head is incorrect ? help ?
how well does it print color ?
what are the dimensions on this item ?
how fast is the scan speed ? such as , 300dpi color , 10 single side pages from the document feeder , to usb stick ?
my current plan book has 20 boxes per page , which allows me 40 boxes per week with both sides . how many does this planner have ?
does this box have plastic strap hinges ?
i have received the two cartridges and i am having problems with the quality of the printing . i am getting shadows
does this unit come with a power supply ?
does this work with an inkjet printer as well ?
can this be mounted vertically ?
how many bills can you put in ?
does this come with a needle ? there 's none pictured
seeing that the barcode scanner is n't very strong , would it be possible to purchase a separate scanner and hook it up to the machine ?
is it possible to set the machine to stop after a certain number ? i.e . if i like to bundle my 20 's by the $ 1000 , can i get it to stop after 50 ?
how does the ink toner last ?
how to reset the toner count after replacing it with a replacement toner cartridge
i also have the epson stylus c88+ why is my black in printing out brown and blue is kind of pinkish sometimes when i put the transfer on mugs ?
does this pen run out of ink easily ?
will they work with quicken ?
are they side loading or top loading
recently when printing ups return labels from amazon , the ups label itself is centered on the sheet . how do i make the ups label print to the top or of sheet ?
what is the size of the stamped area ?
does this have casters for moving ?
does have network connections ? ethernet ?
hi ! i was just wondering if the picture prints out like the common polaroid pic with the white bottom and borders on each side ?
can i use a converter in this pen ? which one ?
are these pencils black ?
does it have wheels
how is the sound quality ? can you understand the pronunciation of the spanish words ?
do they or do n't they have protective caps ?
where is the small accessories drawer ?
i have a parker big red pen from the 70 's . the refill inside it says t-ball jotter with stainless steel , make in usa . what refill would fit it ?
is it possible to buy just the top of the shredder which is the part that is broken
does it have an expiry date ?
can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ? like these : http : www.amazon.com pendaflex-reinforced-hanging-folders-4158 dp b0 can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ? like these : http : www.amazon.com pendaflex-rein ... » read more can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ?
does this support a keyboard wedge ( `` daisy chain '' keyboard to scanner to pc ) connection ?
does this work on windows 8 system ?
will this printer print both sides ( duplex ) of card stock like greeting cards and invitations ?
how many copies will this cartridge make ?
please , how do i turn off the 2 sided printing ? i never want that and it takes time to uncheck it every single time i print ?
how many pages does this scanner hold at one time
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
has anyone had success printing wirelessy from a ipad ?
does this connects to the cash drawer to open after printing a ticket ?
would this work to print out playing cards ?
does it work with the mac ?
how much taller does this make the overall printer ?
dry-erase or wet-erase ? can one use either kind of marker ?
will the scanner functions still work if the printer ink runs out ?
are these perforated between the labels ?
do the handsets have speaker phone feature ?
i bought another kit and should have purchased this one . any chance that the tanks are refillable so i could use the ink i have already purchased ?
can you leave the arms off ?
does this printer work with osx 10.9 ?
how deep `` exactly '' are the drawers ?
wood colors vary and are hard to tell from picture . is this a really light oak , closer to a pine natural color , or is a more of a medium dark oak ?
what is the size of the table top ?
is the toner cartridge for samsung ml-2165w easy to install ?
what vesa plate does the arm come with ?
size ?
what ink cartridges does this take ?
the specs say printer tray 1 prints 47-58lb paper ( i.e . cardstock ) . has anyone tried heavier weight cardstock and what was the result ?
what 's in the box ?
is it easy to scan a 11 x 17 paper . which is what i really need .
heat transfer
i do not have wireless and need to connect to a laptop for billing on cardstock of at least 90 # . do i need a usb connector ?
does the toner cartridge come with it ?
can you use it for scantrons ?
what 's in the cabinet on the right ? drawers , shelves ?
i was told the printer produces excellent quality however is way below par on the scanning software side due to the program locking up when scanning a 10+ page doc from the adf ( computer is a powerhouse alienware and has plenty of horsepower to run the application ) . i was told the printer produces excellent quality however is way below par on the scanning software side due to the program locking up when scanning a 10+ page doc from the adf ( computer is a powerhouse alienware and has plenty of horsepower to run the application ) . « show less
does this include for suggestions for researching ancestors ? o
does printing paper come with the printer ?
if i do n't use the eye-fi card , just use a regular sd card to scan and view it on my computer ?
will it transfer 8mm film too .
do these trays work with the wolverine snap-14 photo scanner ?
does fone come with headset jack ?
what is the tip point ? bold or medium ?
can documents be scanned and then sent via email with using only ipad or is a computer necessary ? is it at all possible to scan and send ?
can it be wired
do i need to buy additional usb dongle attached to this printer to print wirelessly or not ?
mac mini running snow leopard . is the printer and all the wireless functions compatible ?
does this chair tilt back or forth and you are able to lock it into that position . also what is the exact minimum and maximum height from seat to fl ?
would this be compatible with the wheel writer 1500 , it seems similar but not sure
can more than one handset be in use at a time , like if my husband and i both wanted to talk to the caller at the same time ?
when you add a number to a handset does it appear on all handsets ?
can you use a headset with these phones ? is there an input for a panasonic wired headset ?
how well does hands free speaker work
please confirm a
would this work to scan antique cabinet photos ?
will this product work with windows 8. i have purchased 3 scanners so far and had to send them back because of incapability
does this product have sound ?
does the ink bleed through the papaer ?
does this scale come with an ac adapter ?
will it cut laminate ? business cards that have been laminated ?
will it work for ict 220 ?
can the depth of the base be adjusted so that monitors sit further into the desk and the keyboard tray does not extend so far out from the desk ?
i am short - can the keyboard and the monitors be moved separately or what is the distance between the keyboard and the monitors .
will this printer work with a kindle ?
where do i put in my information that i want engraved ?
can these be used for beds ?
i just returned a different scanner because it did n't work with the newer versions of windows . is this scanner compatible with the latest versions of windows ?
can the work surface of this desk fit a 21.5 '' inch monitor and above ? is this a well-built & sturdy desk ?
would this paper stand up to a professional die-cut machine ?
can this shred cds and dvds ?
does it come with a standard toner ?
are these suitable for ag-7 space pen ?
does this phone have a headset jack included ?
can this phone be mounted on the wall ?
is it wall mountable
can you reduce ( lower ) the tilt of the base unit ?
can you hear the person when they leave a message ?
does this phone have a headset jack ?
how many envelopes do you get in a 3 pack
how deep is the base , and how much further is it from the center monitor ?
does the key lock one come with a strap like the combination lock clipboard case ?
does anyone use this unit for copying as well as scanning and printing ?
i need to get a new wheel or pin to lock the wheel in place . where can i get this if not what do i do ca n't go 5 steps with out the wheel rolling off ?
does faxing work with google voice ? can i configure it to receive fax by e-mail ? can i send a fax from pc using this ? receive fax into memory ?
how many ppm ?
does it matter which operating system you have ?
what do i need to plug this printer into a switch ?
what is the folded dimension ( w x l x h ) and the weight ?
i want to use it to help me move around my kitchen . does it roll easy on ceramic tile ?
i have a 21 inch imac mid 2011 which is not listed in the specs for this . what is the best solution for me ?
how well does this mouse work in spreadsheets ? i need to get my hands off the desk at work . will this work ?
why is calibration so hard ?
how do you attach the magnate to a plastic badge
is a refillable cover ?
does this printer handle cardstock paper well ? i 've read that it does and that it does n't . which is it ?
does this include the bar to hang clothes from ?
difference from casio fx 300es plus and fx 300 ex ? thx
does the seat angle move ? or seat stays parallel to floor ?
does it do multi page scanning and faxing ?
how can i help my cartridges last longer ?
how does it do with over-heating ?
i see that the coin & bill trays are separate . i will not be needing the change tray , will i be able to change it 's position to the rear of the draw ?
does this cartridge work okay with brother mfc-7360n printer ?
is for the wp-4530
does it have call waiting ?
what about refills for it
can i use a jinhao ink cartridge with this pen ?
can anyone tell me how wide the legs are ( from front caster to back caster ) ?
when purchased from ezfinddeals , how much does an individual cardboard sheet weigh ?
how loud is the ringer ?
does the nswering machine have an audable peep when it contains a message ?
do you know where i can obtain the barcode reference sheet so i can actually set mine up for no cr ?
dear sir , is this compatible with with my rca 25425 and 25424 ?
i only have two lines currently , will this phone work ?
does this phone have the date and time stamped onto the handsets ?
is the caller id backlit when a call comes in ?
is this just a plain answering machine that does n't need voicemail service ?
does this phone work with cable phone service ?
is the additional handset wall mountable ?
is this handset compatible with all uniden dect 6.0 systems ?
if i buy and plug in this phone , how do i select which number area code for it ?
can you connect it to a computer ?
what material are the markers ? paper ? or the plastic-y material ?
does it support legal size paper ?
is it battery operated ? or does it have a wire to plug in ?
what ink cartridges does this printer use , series 21 , 22 , 23 , and 24 ?
-what is the thickness of this material ?
can i connect it to a computer , whis has wifi connection with router ?
what is the largest size paper that can be used with this printer ?
will this suppport a 380 lb person ?
how far does it adjust downward , i have a higher shelf in my rv and need the downward angle
does the printer is to able to work with sweet paper or sugar paper for making cakes ?
are these casters soft rubber and what is the stem lengeth ?
how does it do with negatives
what size photos ? 4x6 ? , 8x10 ,
will the base phone work with my existing phones ?
can this scan multiple pages into one document or multiple pages into individual documents ?
will anybody please let me know the weight of 1 box x 1000 units ?
what is the date on the cartridge . i know it is a two year warrenty but when does it start ?
are any of them have cold lamination or just a hot ?
does anyone know what temperature this can get to ?
once i laminate my project , can i trim the edges for a better finished product ? how far from the edge of my project can i trim ?
do they have handles cut out ?
does it work with kindle fire ?
are the corners perforated , to tear off after each week ?
how many land lines can you have on this ? i need 2
i live in an urban area where the curbs are really high and the sidewalks bumpy uneven . does anyone know if the wheels will be sufficient ?
is the cart 36 '' wide including the handle , or without ?
can scanned documents be edited ?
does adding this tray make the printer taller or does it fit inside the printer ?
does this copier allow you to change the image size ? so can you reduce a legal size document so that it fits on a letter size page ?
does it have alternative languages ?
what is the size ?
is the black cartridge larger than the colors ?
is this mat also good for carpet floor ?
my selphy is frozen on the 'canon ' screen , any help ?
how is scanning 120 mm negatives done ? does the negative come into direct contact with the scanner bed ? or is there a 120 mm negative holder ?
i am looking for a digital converter that will handle old negatives ... ..6x10 cm in size . will this scanner do this ?
this is my first replacement toner for my mfc-8950-dw . do i need a different drum to go from a standard size toner cartridge to a super high yield ?
does it come with a tape ?
how well does this item work while printing labels and on card stock ?
this can open one side only ?
what toner cartridge does it take
what is the weight limit ?
does this unit cover nec 2011 ?
what is the maximum range of distance between the base unit and the cordless handset unit ?
just ordered , but yellow is not printing correctly . at first it was very light , now nothing . completed cleaning , deep cleaning , what can i do ?
there is a difference in 1 '' and 1.5 '' rings . owner , please inform which it is ?
is is suitable for mf3010 ?
what is the maximum height from bottom of legs to top of the top surface ? also , is it sturdy enough to hold 25-30lbs ?
what size of pictures does it print ?
would desk fit me ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
the wifi scanner works with the phone ?
will the obibt along with the obi1032 allow me to use my bluetooth headsets with the 1032 ?
what is the number of the ink cartridge that this pixma mp230 uses ? has anyone used a cartridge refill kit succesfully ?
does this check book have the '' plastic '' to separate duplicate checks ?
is there an area to record holiday cards ?
does it fit mg5420
do i need a dedicated phone line for this printer ?
does this machine really punch and then bind , or is it 2 separate steps ?
monochrome
does wireless mean no wire to a router ?
does it work with mac computers ?
does it print both sides ?
do you have the dimensions if this pager ?
i feel stupid but i can not find a `` collection cup '' to empty . where is it ?
what is the melting point ?
what is compatible woth the lexmark prospect pro 205
i want to use both a keyboard and a mouse on my lap -- it has to rest on the lap , not chair arms . pillow types are too thick . would this work ?
are these compatible with the epson stylus photo rx580 ?
what is the cost of printing page
can i print to the cd tray from photoshop ?
this printer seems to use just three colors in addition to black . does this produce a quality color print ?
is the batteries rechargeable
how does its scientific calculator work ?
is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them . these type of electronic dictionaries try to do too much is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them . these type of electronic ... » read more is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them .
does it have wheels ?
what is the waranty
does each handset have to be wired to telephone outlet ? or just the base one ?
i see a phone book button , will the numbers stored on sim card display and can the number be autodialed ?
why does my hp photosmart 7520 keep saying paper jam but there is n't any paper jammed
how big of a roll of thermal paper roll does it hold , 50 , 80 , 165ft ?
what is the ink comsumption
i 'm a graphic designer and photographer , i use adobe illustrator and indesign as well as photoshop . how does this printer handle graphics and typography ?
will it work on pc 's running either windows 7 or windows 8 ?
what is the longevity of the ink once put in the printer if one does not print often ?
does it work on mfc-j870dw ?
will this printer work if one of the - let 's say- color ink cartridges run out , or will you have to replace it to be able to print anything ?
can i refill the cartridge ?
does it do 1-pass 2-sided scanning when using the flatbed , or only with the adf ?
what is the range of the remote ?
do not need to run a tape . can you use this register without a tape running ?
i notice it comes with a dc adapter . is that an alternate power source instead of having it run on batteries all the time ?
do you install driver software first , then connect and power up scanner or other way around ?
i am bed bound for a few months . i need a table i can use while in bed that will hold my laptop , will this work ?
what refills do i order for this pen ?
what are the advantages of this one compared to the t120 ?
what is in the box , should i buy cartridges or they are included .
what are the dimensions ? is it the size of a normal clipboard , or is it pocket size ?
is the binder metal or plastic
is it pocket size ? will it fit in jeans pockets ?
does it have place on both ends for drivers license ?
what is the maximum weight this chair can take
how deep iis this cabinet from front to back
geeez is it color or black and white ?
i need to put 24 letters on one line , what is the biggest font you can make ?
does it have a working bulb in it ?
3.5 inches height seems not right ? can it hold a normal book size ?
i have a ml-2165w xac . will this cartridge work ?
is this item compatible with an iphone 5 ?
what color are the barbs ? black or clear ?
can this be used to heat shrink-wrap gift items ?
will this printer work with windows 7 64bit ?
are old formulas in the replay memory lost when the f-792sga times out ?
can this handle menu size laminating pouches sheets ?
how secure is my identity theft with this machine ?
can it shred unopened junk mail ?
size of book ?
is this compatible with hp 2541 wireless printer
can you put something slightly heavy on top , like a printer ?
does anyone test this device how long distant we can go away from the desktop ?
what is the 1993807 mean as a prefix to ps50 ?
how many colors does this contain ?
can it scan art illustrations sketches in sketch books ?
does the auto feed feature work with photos also ?
can you get variations in stroke width with this pen 's nib ?
is this a new cartridge or refurbished ?
does the v4ink give the same print capacity as the tn750 ?
how long is your refill ? why do n't any refill mfrs provide this information ?
can i print remotely using a iphone ?
i have just ordered four of these easels . is it possible to buy extra sets of pegs ?
print labels
does it allow emailing scanned documents from printer ?
i have a glass desk . do you think the clamp mout would be safe to use on it ?
does this printer come with toner ?
i ordered this product and it does not have a usb cord will u send me one ?
it print glossy paper ?
results do n't look that sharp . will i get better results with this 20 mp version , f2d2
is this compatible with lexmark xp 6170 ?
can you buy extra cordless phones for this system ?
is the book expandable with refills ?
will it work with a clx 3170 printer and has the chip been hagd so that the printer recognises the cartridge and accepts it .
does this fit the tsp100s ?
can you successfully print on this paper using an inkjet or laser printer ?
does it work with apple ? mac , iphones ipads
do these units have volume controls on each handset or a boost audio on the main handset ?
is this ink with chip at the bottom or you need a chip frame
do these come with arc chips ?
can phone be muted while on speaker ?
what are the dimensions ?
is this item fully assembled or not ?
how many pages per cartridge ?
how does this printer handle grayscale images ?
does this support asterisknow ?
i love everything about this stamp except the squiggle between words can it be replaced with a dot ?
can you `` ring '' up multiple different items , using the tare function , and have it print all on one label recipt ?
i have had this printer since august and in the last few weeks it has started making a horrible screeching noise when it prints . anyone else ?
how much does it weigh.. ?
do they work on imageclass d530 ?
is it 12 '' wide ( diameter ) or 12 '' high ?
this package contains : 2 replacement toner cartridge & drum to replace brother dr400 tn460 toner cartridges & drum ( 1 toner , 1 drum ) . which is it
does this print and cut and is it mac compatible ?
i print coupon . how many pages should i be able to print per cartridge ?
can you use a corded headset with the phones ?
i do n't believe this printer actually has wireless capabilities as the title indicates . please confirm .
this printer states that it is a wireless printer . is it truly wireless , or does it have to be hooked up to a router ?
if i am only going to be use the black ink , i should n't need to replace the colors ?
can someone tell me if this printer 's ink resembles the laser toner , i.e . does not dry quickly like the inkjet inks do , if you do n't print regularly ?
which version of paperport does it come with ?
will the printer take hp02 ink ?
xp
will this terminal accept the remote pin pad from my verifone vx510
will this work for resetting the t6711 maintenance box on the wf-3520 ?
is this hp1056 printer wireless ?
what do i need to buy to get wireless printing
is this a wireless printer ?
does the printer come with ink cartridges initially ?
how many inks ?
can i scan old fashioned slides ?
pages refillable ?
does this ink work for canon pixma mg 6320 ?
do all these work on the pixma mg5420 ?
it does n't slide backwards with a heavy laptop on it ?
has anyone trimmed the mat down in size ?
can the set up sheet be emailed ?
why does it not have a spindal for the tape to roll onto
will this pad work with a laser mousse ?
will the printer draw from this tray before the other tray ?
my motor seems to be dying on my pencil sharpener . i have had this less than a year . it will sharpen about 3 pencils before it dies . what can i do ?
does anyone knows if the ink cartridges included with the printer have the same amount of ink as the one sold here ?
i was wondering if the little plastic covering the nozzle hole has to be removed before installing ?
was this locker difficult to assemble ? what tools are needed to assemble ?
can you print off the computer or only scan ?
do you think this is something people can see well from outside and it is hard to display ?
the product include a chip ?
does it work with ipad air ?
how do you turn the buzzer off once you have found your keys . ours wo n't stop
how high is the binder when closed ? is it a 1 inch binder ? 1 1 2 in ?
what size is the cell phone pocket ?
this produc use 110v ?
what does the xl stand for ?
is it wireless or plug in
can this be used with a macbook pro ?
is there a way to use your existing home phone number ?
what 's the difference between the frustration free package & the standard package ?
the phone can display the time of the last call ?
the tagging gun is not showing a needle . does it come with one ?
what about the printer and the cash draw ? how do they connect ? is it wireless or cable ?
are the monthly entry pages 1 or 2 pages
is it worth getting the deluxe software bundle
does this pen have internal memory & battery ? can it work independent of a computer ? or does it work only if connected by bluetooth usb to a comp ?
how many cubic feet in total would it be if i used all of them ?
does this come with cord ?
one reviewer mentioned that the pad slips around on the desk , as well as anything on top of the pad . has anyone else experienced this ?
do these lp boxes have handle holes to grab ?
i see two different dimensions measurements for this box . which one is accurate ! please give me dimensions in inches . thx !
is it compatible with this this printer : ricoh 405750 aficio sg 3110dn geljet color and b w printer
what is the inner diameter of the cylinder , in millimeters ?
will this ink tank fit the canon 922 ?
what is the net weight ? how many grams ?
does it have handwriting option ? for instance , if i do n't know the pinyin , can i write the character to translate ?
are the top doors glass ? may the cabinets be separated ? if so where ?
is this unit locked ? will it work with bank of america merchant processing ?
does an xbox work with this monitor ?
i ca n't get it to work . i must be doing something wrong but do n't know what . the slide wo n't show up on the little screen . suggestions ?
can you write on the stickers easily ?
will these write over water colour & acrylic paint & or stamping for mixed media journalling ?
this works with a laser mouse ?
do these chips work for b411dn ?
i tried both cartridges , peeling off the back sticker , twisting off the cap.. it wo n't seem to work in the printer ( 6520 ) . any ideas ?
are these cartridges going to work in my b210 photosmart all in one ?
i received this item last week , and i wanted to know if it is normal for it to be loud ? the ribbon that it came with is dry , can i get a new one ?
i want to be able to stand at my desk and use this product with my 17 '' mac book pro , it that possible ?
can the handsets be wall mounted ?
does it work with laptops ?
can you plug a flash drive directly into the mp 300 ?
is anyone using this with two monitors and a laptop in a docking station ? if so , is the docking station on the varidesk or on the stationary desk ?
will this item function in a 220v ( europe ) environment ?
can this printer make good quality photos on 11 by 17 photo paper ?
is this compatible with an hp photosmart d7260 inkjet ?
does it take a separate memory card ?
what is the warranty policy -- and is it actually carried out ?
are the neon sharpies acid-free and safe for scrapbooks ?
is this pencil self feeding or do i have to click something to advance my lead .
do the legs fold on this desk ?
good i wonder if the tool used to release featuring bands samsung ? or just repair software ?
i 'd like to mount this on the inside of a door on a computer armoire . how thick is the frame ?
does this work with google voice ?
i need to use something like this with an iphone `` 4 '' , not 4s or any other version . will it work for me ?
is it possible to initiate a conversation or just listen to the person at the front door if they do not press the door bell button ?
does it have bluetooth
will these fit a 1960 's era cole steel typewriter ?
is this the same as the essentials kit from pantone.com ? same books ? and if i can also download free the color manager software ?
will it work with samsung phones and other android devices ?
is the length 10 inches and width 19 inches or the other way around ?
what is the voltage please ? is it 220v- 240v ?
can this be used with a kindle to block radiation ?
have you ever experience the inked finish coming off on hands or carpet ?
can caller announce be turned off ?
does this work with a mac ?
what are the dimensions of this printer ?
are the drum specific to colors ?
can this scan and print 17 '' paper ?
what is the printing capacity on average for a one black cartridege ? number of pages ?
can this model be used in korea ?
what is the code number for the ink cartridges ?
can this be used with a mac mini , no cd slot ?
what usb interface does it use 2 or 3 ?
does it have a memory dial feature ?
i laminated one page just fine . the second page never came out . turned it off and pressed the jam release . there is nothing to pull . now what ?
i want to transfer 2 different phone lines , and i want to keep my original phone numbers . also , does my compter have to be 'on ' for phones to work ?
does this have a install disc ?
is it compatible with vista ?
i will be buying from amazon- there does not appear any way to request a name to be inscribed- how does this work ?
i want to laminate something and then bind fold it , will i be able to fold it after i 've laminatied it with your product ?
does this have a flat back ?
how stable is this ? does the top move around and vibrate much , or will it be ok to hold something somewhat vibration-sensitive ?
can i see an actual page from the planner ?
why does the paper keep jamming ?
has anyone encountered `` login ip address is protected '' error when attempting to log into syncthru web service for this printer ?
can it send fax over voip phone service , through a broadband cable service ( wow cable ) ?
print color ?
how many lines will it handle ?
will this use the flat style paper coin rolls ?
is there a certain type of ink that you recommend ?
can anyone tell me the size of these cards ? i ca n't find it in the description . are they standard size ?
are you really sure only two pendants can be used with one phone ?
does it have a glass bed for scanning or is it adf only ?
how many copies per toner cartridge ?
does this printer come with ink as is ? and what kind of ink dose it take ?
are the pencils refillable ?
are these really for 2013 and 2014 - seems like most of the time is past
are saturday & sunday smaller than the other days ?
what are the dimensions ?
how tall is the bottom compartment ?
will this film work with an activator , to do water transfer applications ?
is this a full duplex speakerphone ?
is ok to wf2650 ?
it appears that this pen might use regular plastic disposable cartridges . if so , how do you remove the converter that comes with the pen ?
what ink may i use for it ? thx .
will this work on an underwood model 12 ?
this is for 2014 jan-dec ?
can it be used outside of the us ?
one of the crystals is missing from the eyes . can you suggest where replacements can be located ?
my machine is cutting through the letters . i updated the software . any help ?
sorry if my last question was confusing . i meant , will the calendar lie flat when left open ?
do you have to scan each page separately , saving each document ? i want to use this at home for bills , receipts , school papers , etc . will this work ?
what calibration weight is needed ?
how do i know if this is drawer is compatible with my pos system ?
how do you open the cash drawer ?
can the ringers be set to be very loud ?
is phone a wireless phone ?
would you recommend this product for punching and binding about 170 20-page booklets ?
how about the refills kit for this ciss ? i ca n't find it in amazon ? how many copies of a4 it can print with 100cc ?
can this be used with the yealink t48g as an extra handset ?
aside from the baffle wheel and floating gauge , are there any other plastic parts on this cutter ?
does it have driver for windows 8.1 ?
does this mount to the chair base with a clip or taper fit ?
will this with my android tablet ?
dose this count the money also ?
how many business cards does this case hold ?
does the holder have the `` niftythingz '' logo right on the front like the pictures show ?
are these starter capacity or full capacity ?
does it work for standard files or only legal size files ?
is the prime able to import or convert hp50g rpl ?
samsung toner is $ 115 ! is the toner refillable by tone refill kit ?
what is the font size ?
is this mac compatible ? and will it work with keynote ?
does this shredder have metal gears ?
how do put these in a fountain pen ? do you have to open the cartridge ?
i need a 3 hole format . does a 7 hole format fit in a 3 ring binder ?
what is the shelf life of these cartridges ?
does this work for canon printer mg7520 ?
do these cartridges have the small lights that let you know they are installed properly like the oem cartridges do ?
what cartridges would work for this pen ?
does this refill the g545-50 ?
do products specs indicate whether humidity reading is indoor or outdoor ?
will this pen scan text on an ipad ?
does this come in the box in the picture ?
does it need to connect to a cash register ? if so which makde model ? how do you handle cash ?
what is the weight capacity ?
does anyone know the minimum hole size that the knurled end will fit thru ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
is this activatable in canada , as they now have service in canada ?
how do you clean it ?
will other brands of slipcovers fit the lily love seat ?
just double checking that this is the 2014. i know pictures can be `` generic '' but since january 1 , 2014 fell on a wednesday , is it the 2014 one ?
dimension of date squares
how many pictures does it print with one cartridge
is this item `` sk53 '' ?
are there monthly tabs ?
it says the size is 7.25 x 8.93 x .25 inches ... ... does that mean that the thickness is 1 4 inch ? is n't that kinda skinny ?
i ordered this calendar and i love it . does anyone know of a monday through sunday alternative ?
does the book lay flat when open ?
does this come in some kind of holder or is it just the pad ?
is the paper durable ?
does this include a day schedule as well as the monthly planning ?
the dates are off by one date , compared to my other 2014 calendars . for ex : jan 1 is shown as a thurssday , but it 's actually on wednesday ?
does this have the `` to be done in '' on one side of the 2 page calendar and the `` diary record '' on the other side ?
i have the classic edition of the daytimer with 3 holes . what fit it ?
how do you load the refill into the pen .
does anyone have the documentation on this ? how do you make it discoverable
does this come with the monthly planning tabs ?
which binders work well with these refills ?
i do n't print a lot . what 's the shelf life of these toners ?
do these pens come with there own gift box ?
does this agenda have pages with times pre-printed for each day to enter your appointments ?
can anyone tell me if the gears are steel or plastic ?
what is a 3 d-ring with buster ? are the rings round or part round , part straight ?
can you use the `` liquid '' chalk markers on this type of board ?
what does it say on the button face ?
can this be used with a 21 '' monitor , keyboard & mouse ? will weight of hand on mouse be a problem ?
i have a day runner planner . does anyone know if these will fit in the day runner -- same page size ?
i need two rolls of the magenta color . is that possible ?
do these cartridges work for canon mg5420 printer ?
can this be used for outside of barber shop ? in other words , is it water resistant ?
is the scanner a multi-page feeder or single page scanner ?
does this work for printing instagram pics ?
how do photos ( pictures printed on recommended laser photo paper ) turn out on this ?
does this have a lan port ?
will this printer still print out a sheet if color cartridge is empty ? black & white only ?
does the scanner work for macs ?
does it make copies ?
what is the height of the center pole ?
what is the difference between this model 20406931 & model 20407167 ?
how well does it stay in locking position ?
is there any particular advantage to this over an mp3 player with a narrated bible loaded on it ?
how is the quality of the color printing ?
for this set , is the video camera on the doorbell adjustable ?
will the device work on gm cars and is all power denied to the device when switched off ?
does this phone have caller id for waiting calls ?
would this work to fashion a walking desk out of ? i.e , pair with a treadmill ( bottom only ) and existing desk ( to raise the desk ) ?
does toner 100 have a recycling program for the empty toner cartridges ?
how long is the warranty on this product ?
can i put this on my desk and work while standing ?
can it print on standard envelopes ?
if a color toner is low will it still print in black and white ?
which calculator is better the casio fx-cp400 or the texas instruments nspire cx cas ?
what material is the outside made of ? faux leather or fabric ? how does it feel ?
does it come with the paper ?
how easy is it to recline ? does it take effort ?
i 'd like to know if it holds up and is comfortable after time ( 1 year ? ) thx
does it work with windows 8 ?
are the tags small enough to fit on a pair of eyeglasses ? those are what i 'm always losing .
how easy hard is it to switch out tapes ? i will need to use clear white , and different sizes depending on needs . is that doable ?
does this have a monthly page as well ?
ocr ?
will this fit on my vehicle 's rearview mirror ?
can you adjust the viewing angle at all ?
is the paper lined
how does this compare this with a wand-style scanner ?
can you read the ad from both sides of the flag ?
will my security system be able to use the phone line to call out to the central station
do the color ink cartridges need to be full or installed to make a black and white copy ?
will it print # 10 envelopes ? what is paper tray capacity ?
has anyone tried printing photos with the mfc-j475dw and if so , what kind of photo paper was used ?
can this be used for calls from china to usa ?
will this ink work with epson workforce wf-7110 ?
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
how often do data has to be downloaded ? can it be done once a week when payroll i 'd done ? or has to be done daily ?
with chinese menu ?
can this be used as a sublimation printer ?
what are the dimensions of one of these `` wallets '' ?
what is the quality of the virtual receptionist that `` reads '' the text-to-speech of the outgoing announcement ? ( better than a stephen hawking voice ? : - )
when you hook it up to a pc , what format are the files in ? pdf or jpg or something else ? also , is there a slot for the stylus ?
does this work with an hp photosmart c4680 printer ?
can i replace the usb cable for this reader , i mean if i want a longer or shorter cable ?
will it work with macbook air ?
what print cartridges do i buy
does it scan both sides of the paper at once ?
i ordered this case and just got it in the mail . i have a samsung galaxy note 10.1 n8013 and i can not get it to connect to my tablet . what to do ?
do i need to connect *anything* to a router or modem ? in other words , can i just connect to the modem wirelessly with only this device ?
how many pages lc101 will print ?
how many pages does a new toner cartridge print ? how well do 3rd party refurbished toner cartridges work ?
ease of install for a macbook ?
if i have a 10x20 , would 2 sets work properly ?
this claims that chalk pen ink can be easily wiped off . is this true ?
how many scans we can do it a moth ?
does it power off of a single usb port ?
is this battery-powered ?
what are the dimensions of this product ?
were any of you able to use the programming disc on a laptop ?
does this work on the epson work force ( wf ) 2660 ?
will it work with epson xp 200
what are the viewing angles ? for example , from 15 degrees to 75 degrees ?
does it scan multiple pages into the computer as one document or as separate single pages ? or can it do both ?
can you make more than 1 copy at a time ? if so how do you get the window to say 3or4 ?
the product page suggests that this cart will support a 60 '' tv , but the box says 50 '' . i bought an lg 55lb5900 55 '' tv . will this stand work ?
can this printer scan copy legal sized documents ? also what is monthly duty cycle i run a print shop and need a new copier
will this printer work well using a usb cord to computer as well as wireless
did this work on anybody with a dell b1160w ?
the picture of the 3 pens only has the black dot ( meaning ball point pen ) does that mean they are n't the 3-in-1 pens ?
i need this to fit under a desk . will use without casters . what is height minus casters ?
what material is it made out of
how wide is this printer ? is it 18 '' wide or 23 '' wide ?
does ink come with the printer ?
standard tear-off ?
is the ac adapter included ?
how do you get the brother printer to detect these cartridges ?
does this do automatic duplex scanning thru the sheet feeder ?
which embosser fits with set ?
my mfc-j450dw does n't see the cartridge = it has a spring instead of a post in the part that is inserted in the printer . why ?
will it work with canon mg 3132
how many pencils are in the pack ?
why do you charge so much for this ?
how do you oil the blades , can you use regular lubricating oil ?
is this the right mat for a sisal carpet , or would a hardwood mat be better ?
how does the search function work ? n the older version you have to scroll through all the entries . is this how the newer version works ?
is the ink in the refills the same heat sensitive ink ?
is it compatible with mac copmputers
does this typewriter correct typos or have a correction-tape feature ?
is the back of the cabinet also finished wood-laminate ?
are these 5mil pouches really folded ( seamed ) on the long side as described `` the lengthwise seam ... '' ?
is it easy to adjust the height ?
my husband asked for the `` realspace '' big and tall chair sold by office max . i just want to make sure it 's the same chair . is this the high back version ( that 's the only thing in the name i can tell that 's different ) ? when i go to office max office depot 's website it 's still $ 299 so i will order it here `` by tul '' if it 's truly the same one . my husband asked for the `` realspace '' big and tall chair sold by office max . i just want to make ... » read more my husband asked for the `` realspace '' big and tall chair sold by office max . i just want to make sure it 's the same chair . is this the high back version ( that 's the only thing in the name i can tell that 's different ) ? when i go to office max office depot 's website it 's still $ 299 so i will order it here `` by tul '' if it 's truly the same one . « show less
i saw this chair at a friend 's house and the fake leather is peeling off like a snake , and they treat it with utmost care . anyone else ?
easy to program from the base ?
will a 16.5 inch keyboard slide underneath the stand ?
is the cushion filled with micro beads or some kind of foam ?
how many inches is it long and wide ?
i am going paperless . can i scan to a usb drive ?
two questions , please:1. software collates multiple pages as single pdf doc ? 2 . scan both sides of page in single pass ?
is this really a laser printer
will this work with galaxy tab 3 10.1 p5210 ?
will it hold the scotch tape rolls ?
measured from a level position , how far can the front edge go down ? go up ?
does this phone system have a caller block ?
can these notebooks fit into the leather passport holders ?
what is the ink cartridge # ?
can you fit an 8.5x11 paper in it flat or do you have to fold it ?
will you send sell me the desk edge mounting bracket ( if you have loose ones ) so i can test mount .
my negative fits inside the adapter but its scanning 90 % of the image ? width of negative is 35mm which is perfect for adapter and picture length on negative is 36mm ... which shows correctly on the adapter but it is not correctly scanned ... dont know why . my negative fits inside the adapter but its scanning 90 % of the image ? width of negative is 35mm which is perfect for adapter and picture length on negative is 36mm ... which shows correctly on the ... » read more my negative fits inside the adapter but its scanning 90 % of the image ? width of negative is 35mm which is perfect for adapter and picture length on negative is 36mm ... which shows correctly on the adapter but it is not correctly scanned ... dont know why . « show less
will this fit d5300 ?
has anyone tried rechargeable batteries with a ds004 base or scanning `` wand '' ?
so how do you know when someone has left a message ?
when paired with my iphone 5 the phone will not alert me when a text comes in ( the alert is only audible through the bluetooth ) . why ?
how many copies can you make with this item ? 300 ? 750 ?
would this ink work with wf 2630 ?
do these come pre assembled ?
what is a poe splitter ?
are the pockets large enough to hold manilla files ?
is the grid marked only in iso paper sizes ( a3 , a4 etc ) or are american paper sizes also marked ?
can you put the call on hold from any of the handsets ?
is it possible to use it as a regular printer ?
has anyone tried this with a brother mfc-j450dw ?
can anyone tell me if they still are satisfied with the performance of these toner replacements ?
question for folinpros : are the crystals made by swarovski ? where is the name or logo ?
what is the length ?
could you sit this on a treadmill at a treadmill desk ?
this printer comes with usb cable ? if not where can i get it
the instruction manual has led me to believe , i can only shred for 2 minutes , and then wait for 30 minutes before shredding again . is this correct ?
does anyone know the measurement of the base ?
so i get a lot of phone calls on my iphone , does this phone allow me to get calls from both my iphone and my line all on the same phone ?
does the canon mx 532 have a paper tray that is inside ?
about how long does ink last ? about how much can you print before needing more ink ?
does it continue to print in black when colors are low or need to be replaced ?
what size quink refills does the pen require ?
worked fine at the beginning but i now have a black streak down the middle . i 've down the auto cleaning but it 's still there . any sugestions ?
does this phone support paging other extensions ?
can it print double sided ?
does it work with epson workforce 3640 ?
what size photos ultimately come out of this ? 4x6 , 2x3 ? what 's the size ?
prefer rubber for traction . are newer ones plastic wheels ?
how many bills does the hopper hold ?
is this hardware locked to any specific software or can i use the square for any credit card reading software ?
does this have a centered paper feed with two tabs or a single side of the tray feed with one adjusting tab ?
will this work for a baby store ?
how many rubberbands ( average ) are in the pack for the $ 11.98 ?
does anyone know ( 1 ) how long until the auto shut off feature kicks in and ( 2 ) is it possible to leave the scale on indefinitely ?
do you have to switch a setting when changing from scanning 35mm film negatives to slides ?
is it compatible with iphone 4s ?
is this the set for the epson workforce 3540 ?
brand new shredded first full basket , emptied it , 1 3 through second basket the motor wo n't start . tried unplug reverse . what should i do ?
can this be used with an android tablet ?
can you talk on 2+ handsets at once ?
does it work in europe . is it 120 only 240 as well ?
how long is the battery charge good for ? 30 minutes ? 60 minutes ?
does this phone have a directory for names numbers ?
what would you say the nib size is ?
i have a very basic silly question ? all the option i am seeing is wireless device . is it possible to connect this printers to a desktop computer using usb port or a network cable or parallel port ? i have a very basic silly question ? all the option i am seeing is wireless device . is it possible to connect this printers to a desktop computer using usb port or a network cable or ... » read more i have a very basic silly question ? all the option i am seeing is wireless device . is it possible to connect this printers to a desktop computer using usb port or a network cable or parallel port ? « show less
can this be wall-mounted ?
does this printer need to be located near a computer ? does the computer on which the software is installed need to be on to print to this printer ?
does this come with the ink ?
does this printer have a drum that has to be changed independently from the toner ?
will this printer work with airprint ?
i have two monitors - one 20 '' wide ( not diagonal ) and one 21-1 2 '' wide . would this work ?
what 's in the box ? does it come with a cartridge ?
does it support higher levels of windows than 7 ?
what is an estimated page yield per set of cartridges ?
how big is it without the tray extended ?
is it windows 8 compatible ?
what are the dimensions of the 3620
what 's the depth and width for the feet of this printer ?
can this phone display the caller id on a television ?
