how do the leaves attach to the tree ?
what is it made of ?
is this a pocket chart or just cards for daily schedule ?
does the lid have to be held open while filing papers ?
the pages are lined , correct ?
does anyone have photos of the inside ? just wondering how the pages are laid out - how many days per page , room for writing , etc .
i want to be certain this is unlined . could you clarify verify ?
does it have the ability to highlight verses ? does it have a place you can keep a record of your favorite verses ?
how are these different from the photo stacking cubes ?
does it have cards for weather ?
does this planner have a weekly view as well ?
are the stickers reusable ? also - is writing erasable ? i suppose if you write with pencil but this calendar can not take erasable markers ?
comes in nice box ?
ok , so how do you print a backslash on this thing ?
present value '' is it ?
what type of batteries does it take ?
does it have a fractions key ?
is the age that important
does it come with the manual ?
what is the exact size for an image for the front ?
how many copies will this cartridge make ?
does it come with an owners manual ?
can it be set to fax only ?
should i buy it ?
what is the expiration date on this cartridge ?
i 'm planning to use this paper for printing business cards , is it useful for that ? do you think i can use it with an hp printer , regardless of epson brand of the paper ?
will it fit my medical insurance card
does this calculator have a off button ?
are the buttons soft touch or hard plastic ?
the metal piece that is hits the ribbon when you press a button wo n't move . it wo n't type just move please help ?
do the keys work correctly ?
does this allow for typing in german ?
can i hang light picture frames with it ?
will this work on fabric ?
i want to use this tape to mount my shower caddy . is this tape water resistance able to stick to that kind surface ?
about how many sheets will each individual slot hold ?
does anyone have experience using these on glass ?
will these labels work in a seiko smart label printer ?
i am wanting to make notecards with my own photo on the front and blank on inside . will these work ? if so , how do i do it .
are these labels removable ?
what weight are these cards ?
what is the weight of the paper
according to the description of the items in box , this does n't include the tracks . does it come with the tracks for it or not ?
is this a 110v unit ?
can you shut the ringer off ?
is this phone a bright red color like the photo ?
does it translate in italian ?
i have a lexmark printer and use the # 16 lexmark cartridge . is this product truly a lexmark cartridge and not a generic brand ?
does this come with a charger ?
what does include the printer ? what windows`programs compatable with ?
which is the date that indicates the box ?
is this made in china ?
is this paper or for pictures or regular ink jets
what kind size batteries does it use ?
how do you program phone numbers on this phone ?
can i use this paper for 2 side printing ?
what is included in the package ?
can i use this paper to make cut out stencils ?
how large will this projector make an image ?
when you retrie voice mail , does the date time stamp also include the called from phone number ?
can you use a telezapper with vonage ?
can you please give me the expiration date on the box ?
do you have c9721 too ?
does this phone have a switch to shut off the ringer ?
can you us this with a laser jet printer ?
is it a 56 or a 56b
what are the expiration dates of your 27 black cartridges ?
what are the dimensions of the phone
does it have an external power supply or is it powered by the phone line ( other than the batteries ) ?
is it mac os x 10.3.9 compatible ?
is this a refurbished product or factory sealed new ?
how many cd labels do you get with this kit ?
is the software for windows 7
what is the actual size of this calculator ?
is this possible to hold a 2 pages ?
what are the exact dimensions underneath between the front and back legs ?
does it make photos look like disposable cameras do ?
is this like the old ti 92 qwerty graphing calculator ? my old ti92 calculator finally broke and i am in desperate need to replace it . does this voyage model replace the old ti 92 ? i mean ... .is it just as good or even better than my old one ?
can you draw on the sheets with marker crayon , or do they specifically have to go through a printer ?
can anyone confirm if a playstation 4 will fit under this stand ?
how thick does the desk have to be to mount the keyboard tray ?
will the software work on a mac ?
how many photos ( 4x6 ) can print out from 1 ink pack ?
i use magicjack - is this phone compatible ?
will it work with windows vista or vista professional ?
will this work with an additional gel wrist support ?
what about using rd40 ?
is 15 '' the width ? seems too wide since actual hanging folders are 12-3 4 '' wide . my 3rd deep drawer is 12-1 4 '' wide . any more details please .
is this made of plastic or metal mesh ?
does an one know how many holes dose this punch i know it say it 's for proclick spirle but would i be able to use for coil binding punch round holes
what are the dimensions of the product base & the handle over hang ?
does this book have any extra pages for internet passwords ?
does anyone have a link or information for the ink replacement pad for this model ?
can i use this printer to do time stamps on a receipt paper ?
how does the machine know how many hours for each card ? do the employees need to be entered into the machine ?
can this be wall mounted ?
can you write on the front and back of each page ?
what are the dimensions .
is there a place on the page to insert a cut piece of paper underneath each photo , as in labeling or adding a description ?
are these `` stiff '' or easily folded ?
are the 25 sheets attached together or can they be used in separate binders ?
what are the dimensions
does this time clock have a bell ringer for breaks and lunch ?
do you know wave length of rays ?
are you guys really receiving a kensington pad ?
having a terrible time w achilles trade . connect buy : may i please specify a red & a blue in an order for 2 ?
has anyone used this paper for printing photos ?
doe this work with samsung galaxy s4 ?
will these ink refills for the phd fit the double heart papermate ball point pens
i have a zebra f-301 ( 0.7mm refill ) will a 1.6mm refill work in my pen ?
does the ink bleed through paper ?
will this sharpen carpenter pencils ?
does 1 order of this product mean 12 pencils in 1 package ?
are these the ones that were made in the usa or the new ones that are made in mexico ?
do the tips break off easily when gently sharpened ?
are these black light reactive ?
do the tabs have one letter at at a time or two ?
ok foe mounting photos > ?
what size tape is used ?
are these latex free ?
are these erasers the `` dust free '' type ?
what if you accidentally get a sharpie mark on your skin ? will it stick like a tattoo ?
how fine is the tip on these markers ?
my wife bought a tot model . how does one load the staples ? no instructions provided .
are they made in usa ?
i would like to know how it staples 1 or 2 pages .
does this come with any staples ?
does this machine to z fold , or only c folds ?
want to buy correction tape for a brother ml300 . is the product the one shown in image ? why does the product description say black ?
how do you set the time , date , year , etc .
does this item have a zipper pocket on the inside left flap ? also , does the item have a pen holder on both sides or just the right side ?
what is the actual paper stock ?
can i use this with a canon inkjet printer ?
are there replacement tires available ?
how many x-ray folders ( roughly ) fit in one box ?
what pc operating systems is it compatable with ?
could i cut this to make a clear sticker over another sticker that has writing on it , but is peeling up on the corners ? can you see through it well ?
is mac os-x supported by avery via their online downloads .
how easily do the pages erase ?
is the back the same color as the front ?
are these glossy or matte ?
can this also be use with a hook lanyard ?
are these permanent , or removable ? will they be difficult to remove from my jars ?
the print cartridge does it take only the one kind and is it easy to replace ?
do they have a window for the mailing address ?
what are the measurements of the calculator ?
can anyone tell me the inside dimensions ?
is there a spring underneath the pad to push it up ?
is this paper 1.5 inches wide ?
ph-40 is pretty old by now . does it still produce good prints as when the product was current in 2008 ?
will this be effective on carpet ?
am i reading it right that 3 pieces of these erasers cost $ 6.71 ( that is $ 2.24 eraser ) ?
what size brochure does it hold ?
how wide is this stand ?
what is flexible extension numbering ?
also , once in place are these protectors top loading or side loading ?
printing starts off fine and then gets faint , what 's wrong ?
is it compatible with win7 ?
would this work to fill in some deep scratches on a flat leather surface ?
does the heavy duty rotary trimmer have any decorative blades ? are the blades easy to change ?
what is the lowest height at the base bottom of the declining foot rest platform ? what is the highest you can raise the base bottom ? what
how thick is one sheet ?
is it glossy on both sides ?
does the container turn into a stand like the pens ?
what color ink ?
the front of the folder is clear , right , , , so you can see what 's inside ?
will this punch holes to fit into the `` avery 5.5 x 8.5 binder '' ?
what is the distance between the two hangers ?
will this dispenser work with a 110 yard roll ?
is the driver compatable with windows 8 ?
is this thick enough to make greeting cards of ?
is there an expiration date on this package or cartridge ?
is this wireless compatible ?
it does n't have caller id ?
will this phone work when the power is out like the old phones used to ?
are the accents metal or plastic ?
how much clearance is there ?
are the sheets perforated ?
is the cover slick or rough for this particular product ?
what is the length of these paperclips ?
is this basically the same as this model http : www.amazon.com fiskars-196920-1001-portable-trimmer-12-inch dp b0017kye5y ref=pd_sbs_ac_1 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=064077xe7zgsybtwk5xm ?
can you use with a bar code scanner ?
is this easy enough for kids ( 8yrs old ) to use ?
i make my products so there would be no bar codes - is it possible to create bar codes ?
for the black version , is the power button a little lower than the others ?
11-12-13 ?
will this fit the hp psc 1300 & 1310 series ?
will it work with windows 7 ?
can the files be put in laterally , so accessed from the side instead of the front ?
what are the exact dimensions of this coin holder ?
was it difficult easy to mount ?
does this phone have a speaker phone feature ?
does this printer work with windows 8 ?
can the sound be amplified for incoming phone calls ?
what is the paper weight ? 20 # ?
what type of warranty comes with this printer ?
what interface does it have ?
does this come with a roll of tape or is that sold separately ?
will these cartriges come sealed in individual packages and in the original lexmark red black box ?
does it come with the official montblanc box ?
multiple lines
can you use an sdhc memory card with this printer ?
will any brand keyboard fit this or does it have to be a fellows keyboard ?
i 'm curious to know how much space is between the two cubby holes on the top ? and how much space from the back of the top to the cubby holes ?
can you remove the drawer and if so could i slide a laptop on a docking station underneath it ( roughly 14 '' x 14 '' ) ?
does the keyboard tray adjust to make it lower or higher and if so , what does the measurements extend to ?
is there a speaker ?
why are there 3 slots for ink , but manual list 4 cartridges ?
is each pole a single section , or two separate sections ? in other words , can this be used without the top shelf ?
can you verify that this printer dose work as being compatible with a windows 8.1 64-bit operating system ?
is the voice clear and without an accent ?
i need waterproof ink . any suggestions ? also , can this pen be used as a dip pen ? or refilled by hand ?
i need to by a converter myself or it 's included in this product ?
what 's kind of barcode label roll does it take to print barcode ?
are these dimensions correct : 20 x 0.5 x 18 inches
does it come with a toner cartride ?
can you put this on the network ?
will thid work with a brother ql710w ?
can i use this for printing postage labels ?
do they work with a brother ql-700 printer ?
does this provide support caller id ?
what size refill fits a bullet space pen
can you add a longer cord to this phone ?
do these marker show up on a black background ?
are they oil based or water based ?
are these matte labels anywhere close to glossy ones ? would you use them on commercial cd albums ?
is the box water fire proof ?
what is the length of mic cords ?
does this come with some sort of software to download so you can customize the image on a comuter and print onto it ?
on the labels i have , the center hole is larger than a cd center hole so the applicator needs to have a tapered spindle . will this work ?
what 's a tab ?
what size paper does it use ?
what does the back look like ? is it solid wood like the rest of the piece ?
does the phone have speakerphone capability ?
in grams ?
is this machine programmable ?
what size paper does it cut ?
i need to put a double parallel fold for quad fold into a legal sized piece of paper will this machine handle that ?
will this work with hp deskjet 1513 - multifunction - thermal inkjet ?
what is the flat part that the paper lies on made of ( material ) ? is it steel , aluminum or plastic ?
does it come with centimetres and inches measurements ?
what is the length & wiidth ?
how big is the calculator ?
does it print seconds ?
can this be mounted on a cement wall ?
is the hook system one long hook on each side that all three attach to or are the hooks separate to hang 1 or 2 at a time ?
i have to replace my refill but can not find le grand refills . can i use one that does n't say le grand ?
the description with the picture states that it is 11.25 in x 11.25 in . but , the product details give the dimensions as 12x12 . so which is it ?
power requirements - battery or ac ?
would these stay affixed to our cardboard storage boxes and be durable enough for weekly changing of the index cards ? also , are the index cards easy to remove ?
will the hp94 black cartridge work in the hp psc 1610 all in one printer . if not which onr will ?
does this phone have an ac power cord ?
can not get item to load paper or print . shows e error . anything we might be missing ?
can you use this as a converter to output sound as opposed to input ?
is the frame made of metal or wood ?
can you write on this type of lamination with a dry erase marker and wipe it clean ?
where are the a-z tabs
change stylus ? instead of using a stylus can you just put another ink cartridge in ? does either fit ... interchangeable ?
will this phone work with a digital ( mlx ) line from an avaya merlin legend phone system ?
will this item work with a mitel ip phone system ?
where can i get just the ink pad itself to refill ?
compatibility with v500 ? i 'm considering purchasing this with the epson v500 photo . has anyone used these together with success ?
how do you recycle the used cartridge ?
can you print a log report of all the incoming calls ? daily , weekly or monthly ?
does it include toner ?
can this product be removed and re- adhered numerous times ?
receiver replacement how do you find a replacement for the receiver if you break it ?
does the writing sparkle or just the exterior of the pencils , and do they write in different colors ?
are these good to use for note taking ? yes or no ?
streaks i just starting using this and it 's great but i am getting red streaks throughout - any advice ?
can i use a headset or plug in a headset to this phone ?
how to increase volume
are the posters laminated ?
what is the assembled height ?
does this machine include the toner and drum cartridge ? is it ready to be plugged in and work ?
how are these mounted to the wall ? what hardware come with it ?
what erasers are sold by amazon which fit the staedtler battery operated eraser ?
are these good for school ?
do these pens smear or glob up ?
are these letter size , 8.5 '' x11 '' ?
is this product compatible with macbook smartboard in the classroom ?
is the cord on the hand set and phone hardwired in or can it be changed ?
would i be able to print pictures from my iphone 5s if i connect via usb ?
does it already come with printer cartridges ?
are these the size for hershey 's kisses ?
can outgoing calls be made without pushing any buttons ?
does everyone one else have problems with paper feeder ?
just to verify . is this the fx-300es or fx-300es plus ?
why am i getting a greenish tint when printing b & w prints
how thick are the mailers exactly ?
how to load and use it
would i be able to sit a 42 '' inch flat screen on this ?
does it fit the canon mx470 ?
will it work with a mp470 ?
does the fx-115es have a memory to save the equation you are working on , if it times-out and turns off ?
which finish is being sold , gold or silver ?
how many amps is the motor ?
what is the length of the screws in which the tray attaches to the underside of the desk ?
compatibility with mac osx 10.6.8 ?
i have lost the attachment hardware and wan na order an l-wrench set . any ideas what is the size of the wrench ?
does this packet come with the software for avery labels . if not , how do i get it
what is expiration date ?
my printer is printing the photos blank . i thought i got a wonky cartridge , so i bought a new one and it 's still printing blanks . ideas ?
scanner does this model have a flat bed scanner ? if it does , how well does it work on text ?
can it be used for canon imageclass d420 ?
copier doesnt work
does this carrier sheet work with the scansnap s1100i and are the sheets reusable ?
does this printer also scans ?
why will not my printer print photos ?
does hp officejet 5610 works well with windows vista ?
is this genuine canon brand ?
would this support a 47 in slim flat screen tv ?
are the holes standard ? in other words , if i use this to replace door stops than are broken , can i assume that i can use the same holes ?
will it work with win 8
is the stand-up workstation already assembled upon arrival ?
approximately how many hanging files would this hold , if each hanging folder were 1 4 '' thick ?
will it work to hold a rug down onto a cement walkway for a few hours of an event ?
can you write on them ?
does this item have an expired date on the package ?
how thick is the cork ? can it absorb a normal sized push pin without the pin punching through ?
is this an original brother cartridge
can anyone tell me the dimension ( length , height , or width ) ?
has anyone used this in an old hp 920c inkjet ?
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
what applicator is needed for these labels ?
magnetic ?
what are the dimensions of the inner storage area ?
do you know if the nib can be replaced like the lamy safary pen and if it is compatible with the lamy calligraphy nib ?
does this calculator graph in color ?
are they thick or like cardstock ?
is it mold and mildew resistant ?
where are these made ?
what do in need to look for when says in use ?
registering to the base i need a replacement portable phone to go with my uniden tru8888 base unit . other reviewers mention `` registering to the base '' . is this required before it will work with the base ? what is involved ? i never registered the base unit after i purchased it . registering to the base i need a replacement portable phone to go with my uniden tru8888 base unit . other reviewers mention `` registering to the base '' . is this required before it will work ... » read more registering to the base i need a replacement portable phone to go with my uniden tru8888 base unit . other reviewers mention `` registering to the base '' . is this required before it will work with the base ? what is involved ? i never registered the base unit after i purchased it . « show less
does this phone have fax capabilities ?
can i print out the artwork with full color on cd , dvd ?
can this be mounted to the wall ?
can you hang these on a wall ?
how many pads come in the box ?
is cfc-free the same as acid free foamboard ?
is this also a fax machine
is this model a color printer as well ?
is this card stock made from recycled or post-consumer materials ?
is it 3 inches by 3 inches ?
which is the weight of this photo paper ? ¿cual es el gramaje de este papel ?
i want to create `` proof sheets '' of side-by-side 35 mm negative strips scanned to a single 8 1 2 x 11 sheet . how many strips can you scan together ?
does anyone know how to update driver for mountain lion .
i have lost the usb receiver for my targus presentation remote . can i purchase another usb receiver ?
is this twain compatabile ?
is is compatible with windows 8 ?
are these sticky on the top ?
what year was this printer made ?
wired ethernet adapter ? does anyone know if this comes with a wired adapter for ethernet access , or if one will be sold separately ?
how long are the legs ?
will it work for 10mil pouch ?
is it usable besides the capita letters off . like can i use it to type a paper for my teacher ?
how big are these ?
i was wondering if the size of these blocks is appropriate for a 2 yr. old ? i was planning on buying the extra bucket as long as they fit the cards ... i was wondering if the size of these blocks is appropriate for a 2 yr. old ? i was planning on buying the ... » read more i was wondering if the size of these blocks is appropriate for a 2 yr. old ?
do folders and notebooks fit inside the slots ? it looks like a tight fit even for paper ?
in the picture , there are four bins for coins . would these bins hold dollar bills ?
does the organiser have phone line connections ?
is this a 6-hole binder ?
how many sheets does this file hold ?
is the paper thick enough to write on both sides of the page ? what weight is the paper ?
how to print w black ink only if color is empty
will this work with windows vista ?
how does the stand connect to the monitor ?
can i please buy lids only ?
will this fold back on itself , like a spiral , or will it only lay flat ?
how many inches high is it ?
is this compatible for printer mx452 ?
does this printer come with ink cartridges , or do i need to order separate ?
it says it comes with a free adapter . if it 's not the power adapter , what is it ?
if you have occasional $ 1 coins are they bypassed somewhere or do they hang up inside the sorter ?
does the cart have rails for hanging folders ?
does graphgear 1000 advance lead _while_ you write without clicking etc ?
are the construction and materials such that the board would survive in an outdoor classroom beneath an overhead shelter , but open all around ?
what are the actual window dimentions ?
could you use the top of this as a work table if the lid was in use ?
can i use this phone in mexico ?
is this product compatible with windows 8 ?
where is this stapler made ? what country ?
do these envelopes have lines on outside for writing addresses ?
how many envelopes are in an order ?
does the paper feed ?
can these be used to mail cd 's ?
is the inside lining on these white poly mailers silver or white ?
is it possible to install this phone on windows 7 64bit ?
what is the character size of the incoming phone number ?
will these work with icon prox with usb connection ?
we are having problems with the fax that it wo n't receive calls automatically ; only when we pick it up manually . any ideas what else we can do ?
will this fax work with verizon fios ?
do you guys feel that the pencil has positively or negatively affected your hand writing ?
it does not appear that way in the picture . which is it ?
what is the dimension of each slot ? will it accommodate a book 2.75 inch thick ?
does the software include any ocr software ? i 'd like to scan in pages of old books and be able to get them into word . does the software include optical character recognition software ?
this may be a silly question , but can this print documents ?
what kind of cartridges do i need for this , my children gave me their c6180 and it states following the cartridge ( s ) is past dueed chapman
would these fill in a little logo on a piece of plastic ?
does this import into an excel ? is this compatible with windows 7 and or mac os ?
paper jams every time any solution to this apparently common problem ? sometimes the paper goes in 5mm sometimes 35mm sometimes it gets 75 % out of the top . in the latter cases the drum has been inked so you are obliged to run another copy . paper type appears to be immaterial , paper jams every time any solution to this apparently common problem ? sometimes the paper goes in 5mm sometimes 35mm sometimes it gets 75 % out of the top . in the latter cases the drum has been ... » read more paper jams every time any solution to this apparently common problem ?
is this a genuine cisco product ?
books ? does the c8600f scan books easily ?
works for windows 7 ( 64-bit ) ?
does this pencil have the long eraser that you can twist up as it wears ?
are these padded ?
what is the weight per bag ?
can you measure the actual width ? a little over 12 '' ?
are these bubble mailers ? padded ?
will a long kleenex box cover fit in it ?
can you mail fragile items in these bags like glassware , small framed prints etc ?
pull tabs or not ? do these ?
can you print from a sd memory card ?
does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads ?
does this pen require a lot of pressure ?
will it work for the sharp el-2196bl that i have ?
how smooth is it compared to the steelseries qck ?
is it an inkjet
if i have the switch on 'print ' , 'item ' , or 'conversion ' , an `` e '' appears on the screen and i ca n't type or print . help !
printing on cd this printer can print on cds , at least it does in europe ( same thing as the ip-4200 that has the feature for europe but not for america ) . can someone confirm if the feature is installed or if we are again left aside ? printing on cd this printer can print on cds , at least it does in europe ( same thing as the ip-4200 that has the feature for europe but not for america ) . can someone confirm if the feature is ... » read more printing on cd this printer can print on cds , at least it does in europe ( same thing as the ip-4200 that has the feature for europe but not for america ) . can someone confirm if the feature is installed or if we are again left aside ? « show less
does this remote allow for different frequencies to prevent conflicts with different rooms presenting at the same time ?
is there a way to scan negatives and slides with this model ? is there a way to get accessories or another way to make it work ? is there a way to scan negatives and slides with this model ? is there a way to get accessories or another ... » read more is there a way to scan negatives and slides with this model ? is there a way to get accessories or another way to make it work ? « show less
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
how can i find out if this will work for my hp office jet 6600 printer ?
does it come wirh a wallet cover ?
what width labels can be used ?
are these refillable ?
what # toner cartridge needed for pc170 ?
needing to make journal covers with students - is this the thickness of a cereal box ?
can this pen be used for school to write ?
can i print postage and addresses directly on the envelope with an hp officejet printer ?
will this fit 2 credit card gift card sized cards ( plastic cards with no embossing ) ? will they be removable or will that require cutting it open ?
are these safe to use for kids ?
does it come assembled ?
do these markers stain clothes ?
can i use this paper to print business cards ?
does it print on thick cardstock ?
how many pages does the starter cartridge print ? i was trying to find out how many pages it can print with the starter cartridge .
what is the exact size ?
are the clips magnetic ?
is the grid on both sides of the page or just one ?
do i have to have a landline or cable account to use , or can i use with just skype ? trying to get rid of the unnecessary expense of a landline , but have a good set of cordless phones . if i buy this product , without a wall connection , will it work with skype ?
is the cd credit card strip bin removable ?
do paper and ink roll come with it ? is it difficult to load ?
does it come with an ac adaptor ?
canada will this work with canadian phone numbers ?
how well will the magnetic strips work in extreme cold ? will they break ?
can this cart be used without the casters ?
is it good as a receipt scanner ?
is it possible to print two titles on one label and cut in half to use on slim cases ?
how high does the handle actually extend ?
is this an original hp cartridge or is a refilled cartridge ? is it in the original sealed hp package ?
will it work on c3100 photosmart ?
is this product , identical to what is sold in retail stores . is it new , fresh ( not past expiration date ) and in the original unopened hp combo pack
brand new in original box ?
hp 21 22 cartridges are for which hp printers ?
if i needed to open the book to insert or change a page , can this machine take care of that or do we need to rebind the materials ? so sorry for caps
is this for two of the combo packs or just one combo pack with 2 cartridges in it ?
this stamp will automatically advance the count , correct ?
does it require wall anchors on drywall ?
can you make a stamp from my logo ?
what kind of chalks can you use with this ?
will these ruin painted walls ?
what is the weight capacity of this item ?
is this a good stamp for one line with name , 14 pitch
does it come with the clear tape or the white tape ?
will this phone work with non-panasonic phones on the extension lines , or even other panasonic models ?
is it a wall phone
can you drag cart up 3 or 4 steps without damaging wheels ?
does this phone require an available power outlet ?
does the hansets have a phone jack for hans free ?
mute function i 'm interested in purchasing this phone but am specifically looking for one with a hold function . does this have it ?
does the g4010 work on windows 8 ?
what is the largest size negative or transparency that this will scan ? will it scan 8x10 film ? will it scan film smaller than 35mm ?
vonage & skype can i plug my vonage adapter in to this system as if it were my land line ?
where can i get the drivers to download to my mac
will these stick to omaha steak vaccum seal meat
i got it last week & used 5 days.today washed in luke warm water & the blue and white is separating out.anyone had this issue ? remedies please ?
how do i let the maker know what to put on the lines ?
will this machine bind on the 8.5 '' side of the paper and are combs available in the 8.5 '' size ?
do the gbc combs fit this machine ?
can you write on these with pen , or does the ink smear off ?
what are the corresponding dimension- h , w , & d ? i need to hang legal files & store company checks . would you recommend ?
i 'm looking to do book marks , will this work ? i can print 4 to a sheet , then can i use this machine to laminate them ?
epson photo 1400 ink drops on portraits got as a gift in christmas 2007 ... stopped using because of ink drops on pictures ... quit using went back to my hp 6180what 's wrong ... ?
why would i get a box with the key locked inside ? cant even open it..
are the numbers backlit ?
does anyone else get a radio signal over the phone ?
why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? « show less
i have a two unit panasonic kx-tg3031b , will this single unit work with what i already have ?
is this product brown or red ? the picture shows brown but the description says red . please clarify .
will it work on dry erase boards ?
are these on carbonless paper for use without a printer
dimensions ?
will these work around on small bathroom trash can ? ( aprox . 2 gallon sized )
is this waterproof ?
i see the writing side is on the left in the picture . can it be put on the right side ?
are these expired ?
can we program names of items in this register ?
wireless
is this really a new model ?
details list that the binder is 5x7 . is it really that large , when it takes small 3x5 sheets of paper ?
what is the maximum weight the table will hold ?
will this work with pixma my470
how does the scoring work ? would i need a different blade for that ?
what is the chain actually made of
is there anything printed on the pages ?
i have an old wall phone with a base of 3 inches in width . what is the width of the cortelco single line wall telephone .
is it easy to set up menu and bar drinks ?
why does my printer sometimes say printer cartridge missing or not detected .
what years does the product come with ?
my freshman high schooler needs this fancy calculator , does it come with instructions on how to use it ? or is there a website for a tutorial ?
is this version recyclable ?
what is the vertical range of this device ? how high and low can it in relation to the desk ?
this says it is a long arm and long pad , will it work for a short person ? also , is this for someone who is mostly mousing all day or just keyboard ?
what is the weight limit for this chair ?
can you erase the squares so that i can use it for other purpose ?
where is the board made becasue i will not buy if made in china
battery ?
about how much does this board weigh ?
work with windows 8
what are the colors in this set ?
i am looking to fit an oberon designs journal , yet i need lines . will this fit in a journal measuring 6x9 ?
are these boards magnetically receptive , or magnetic ? as in , do magnets attract to them , or is it a magnet itself ?
did this come with the cards ?
does this calculator have a full-color display ?
does the fellowes starlet personal comb binder only use one size of comb ?
can this machine bind books of differing page size , say 1 2 letter size of 8-1 2 x 5-1 2 ? i assume you just cut the combs down to the size you need ?
is this table 3 desks in 1
i saw another model from the same company . does anyone the difference ?
what is the warranty ?
can you adjust the ringer volume in addition to the listening volume ?
does this scale weigh things as small as a couple ounces ?
is this item blank on the front ?
do the tips of these wear down quickly ?
does this phone have extra large buttons ?
will it work with windows 8 ?
is this a genuine brother productr
can two of these units be stacked together ( if an additional one is purchased ) , to build a taller unit for a monitor ?
is there a specific model for the refill of this pen ?
i am looking for styrofoam only peanuts to use on the bottom of my plant pots so they will get wet . is this styrofoam ?
does anyone have a solution as to how to get the all in one 5300 to print , i have gone through the head cleaning several time , new ink ... wo n't print
can the pen scan from an ipad or computer screen ?
does this deal include a valid key ?
i have this phone , but how do i set up voicemail ? when i press the voicemail button , nothing happens ? help !
is it programmable ?
color ink dots i have two of these printers and both are now getting small color dots on the printed pages . one is just the red and the other is rainbowany thoughts ?
what size are the rings in this binder ?
what is the total measurement across the widest part of the wheel base ?
what is diameter of base in inches from wheel to wheel ?
maximum height ?
will these fit an alvin .7mm pencil ?
just to make sure - are there envelopes included ?
do the coins stay in their trays when the closed box is tilted in any direction ?
does it come with all keys , to lock up both the cash drawer casing , and also the interior cash drawer with the lid ?
it seems like this mousepad does n't work with my corsair vengeance m65 ... any ideas why ?
does this pen have any cracks ?
how do you secure the bottom of the whiteboard to the wall ?
can i just plug these phones into my existing outlets to replace my old 3-line phones ?
scan over network ? and other questions ... ... can anyone confirm if this unit can scan over network ? i used to have a `` network ready '' all in one . turns out only print function works over network , printer must be hooked up through usb to use the scan function . is the dual paper tray software selectable ? is the duplex module included or do you have to buy an optional gizmo ? can it duplex copy or is it duplex printing only ? there is no mention of printing dvd cd . i am guess that is not included.does it print good quality photos ? i am trying to decide between epson artisan 800 and this unit , the epson is better i think , but this is $ 100 cheaper . scan over network ? and other questions ... ... can anyone confirm if this unit can scan over network ? i used to have a `` network ready '' all in one . turns out only print function works over ... » read more scan over network ? and other questions ... ... can anyone confirm if this unit can scan over network ? i used to have a `` network ready '' all in one . turns out only print function works over network , printer must be hooked up through usb to use the scan function . is the dual paper tray software selectable ? is the duplex module included or do you have to buy an optional gizmo ? can it duplex copy or is it duplex printing only ? there is no mention of printing dvd cd . i am guess that is not included.does it print good quality photos ? i am trying to decide between epson artisan 800 and this unit , the epson is better i think , but this is $ 100 cheaper . « show less
is this compatible with vx520 credit card receipt printer ?
is the pad the size listed ? does it have a cardboard back ?
any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you happen to have one printed out ? any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you ... » read more any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you happen to have one printed out ? « show less
can this printer work from a laptop thru linksys ?
where can i get a replacement 35mm slide holder my 8800f slide holder is missing , and i 'm not finding replacements on the canon website . any other sources ?
will this gon na work with windows 7 ?
scan quality ? does this model scan at a high enough quality for important photos ? is the scan quality really better than the 610 model ?
this is just a thicker version of the qck+ correct ?
how many badges come with this order
if we were to order four of them , then in that event , would we receive one of each color ?
okay . will this epson v500 scan 120 format negatives ? nothing here precisely says that . i have a ton of 120 negatives that i want to preserve ! thanx !
had trouble getting the cover off . now the black cartridge wo n't install properly . what should i do ?
will this cartridge work in an hp 1022 printer ?
is this paper clear ?
how do you reset the page counter ?
where on the box or package can i find the expiration date ?
minimum cut size ? i heard that this cutter would not measure all the way down to 1 8 '' , which i need to be able to do my paper quilling . is that true ?
where is it made ?
does this pen work with rite in rain gear - in that it writes in wet enviro , does not run , smear , etc ?
does this pen work with rite in rain gear - in that it writes in wet enviro , does not run , smear , etc ?
are there labels that name each pen 's color ? i 'd like to buy this for a person who is partially colorblind .
i 'd like to know what uses this ink has . what function or purpose have you or others found for this invisible ink ?
does the lid come off ?
does it take regular plain paper or thermal paper ?
there is n't a yes or no as to whether this paper works with the kodak easy dock g610 system . does anyone know ?
how thick is this bar mat ?
just bought a nice used smith corona with the side cartridge . is this type the fabric ribbon ?
what is the max height the front will lft up to ?
faxing ability  and am interested in hearing from owners about it 's faxing capabilities.i currently have an hp all-in-one which has real issues sending and receiving faxes properly . can anyone share their experience with this printer ?
i see a euro button , does this calculator figure in dollars ?
is this legal size ?
how many lines ?
what 's the advantage of the longer track over the shorter one ?
can i plug this phone into a regular phone jack in the wall or do i have to connect to the internet ? any help would be appreciated .
is the calculator removable ?
scansnap disk is full error has anyone else had this error after sccaning a few high quality docs ?
what is shredder oil , do we have to use it , and is it easy to put in ?
how long is the ac cord ?
how often do these need to be sharpened ?
my work surface has a lift mechanism on the under side . there is only 11 '' from front of surface to the mechanism . is 11 '' enough room to mount ?
the 74xl cartridge is longer than the 74. is the 75xl larger than the 75 ?
can you leave out the middle initial or is it required ? also , what is the character limit for the name on the bottom ?
are the plates removable ? for example , can you change the orientation of the embosser according to what you want to emboss ?
how long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper ?
would this embosser be suitable for stationary , envelopes and napkins ? can you adjust the stamp to emboss on the top of the page vs bottom ?
what 's the advantage of the longer track over the shorter one ?
thailand ?
how many inserts ( books ) can you fit ?
can this work on a macbook air ?
i am looking for single sided laminating sheets that you do not need a machine for . is this it ?
what is the accuracy of this cutter ? 1 16 '' , 1 32 '' or even finer ?
how does the cpu case attach to the backet ? is it simply balanced over the bottom support and held in place by friction from tightening the clamp ?
can you print color pictures on both sides without it showing thru ? how about markers ?
can i scan with this printer too ?
will it scan copy legal ?
will it airprint from an ipad2 ?
on this pen with a colored bottom , is the whole pen stainless steel ?
does this work on yarn to help secure knots so they wo n't come out ?
is this oem ?
will this work with a mac ?
is this printer wireless ?
does it oxidize ?
can it hold legal files if they are turned 90 degrees ?
will magic jack work on samsung 10.1 tablet
what color is the leather ?
i 'm looking for 200 of these phones . are they new , used or refurbished ?
does this have a headset jack ?
what is a good replacement battery ?
do the pentel energel pens leak in flight ? to-date , i prefer uni-ball vision elite ... does not leak in flight . thx .
is it appropriate for mobile office ? ie . some locking mechanism or how likely is accidental stamping ?
with this machine can i identify fake money ?
is this a text printer or for photos only ?
will the canon pixma mx850 work with mac os x , 10.6.8 ?
i was wondering if this machine would laminate 12x12 scrapbook paper sheets ?
can i laminate paper size 13 '' x16 '' ?
what size roll fits and how wide is the core ?
does anyone know of a good wireless printer that allows you to set it for black print only and choose color when you want it ?
does it have wheels ?
would this shelf be able to hold dual computer monitors ?
has anyone ordered these and received 2014 forms ?
what features are available ?
the product information in the amazon listing states that this phone needs lithium metal batteries . i ca n't imagine why this would be the case . is it really true ?
does fone have headset jack ?
what year does this stamp start with ?
are blades metal ?
when the ink pad is depleted , can it be re-inked or the pad replaced ?
are both sides markers
call blocking does this phone have the call blocking feature ?
how in the world do you load the staples ?
what is the minimum height including casters ?
is it waterproof ?
how many colums per page ?
can the outside pocket hold a kindle fire ? ( non-hd )
can 8.5 x 11 documents easily fit in and be removed from the zippered inner pocket ?
can it be mounted or screwed to a desk . or perhaps to a musical washboard ?
can it be used with a mac ?
how much weight does it support ?
will this sharpen ticonderoga beginners pencils ?
what is the amazon part number or link for refills ?
humanscale
i bought 3 of these . the first 2 were empty ! says i need to replace toner ! what 's up with this ?
there used to be a hutch with glass doors that sit on top of the file cabinet . that is what the picture still shows . what happened to the hutch
can this calculator preform indefinite integrals ( something the ti-84 ca n't do but the ti-89 can ) ?
does it come with ink ?
scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about 300 images & it worked well . i 've scanned a few things here and there throughout the year with no trouble ... however , i just went to scan again and am now getting white vertical lines on every scan , but they 're showing up in different places.. anyone have any idea what might cause that ? i 'll try to contact fuji but i found this on their site and aside from trying to replace the lamp , i ca n't imagine what would cause it . scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about ... » read more scanning troubles ... vertical white lines i 've had a scansnap s300m for about a year- not really used it that much , mostly for my father in law 's surprise party last year - scanned about 300 images & it worked well . i 've scanned a few things here and there throughout the year with no trouble ... however , i just went to scan again and am now getting white vertical lines on every scan , but they 're showing up in different places.. anyone have any idea what might cause that ? i 'll try to contact fuji but i found this on their site and aside from trying to replace the lamp , i ca n't imagine what would cause it . « show less
does this have 1 64th ?
mac compatibility ? i 'm wondering if any of you are using this printer with mac.i know most of the computer peripherals are designed to work with pcs , so i 'd like to know how this printer works with macs.
i currently use 36xl and 37xl in my printer . would just the standard 36 37 cartridges work ?
can i use heart of darkness in the pen i had noodler 's black in without cleaning the pen first ? that is , can they be mixed ?
what to do when the power button collapses ?
we are stapling two sheets , and the staples go right though and leave a hole . is there any way to adjust the tension so smaller jobs have less force ?
is this strong enough to function as a tv riser for 46 '' tv ?
how many pieces are there in the package ?
can the person spoken to use it to reply ?
what is the cabinet made of ?
my desk came without assembly instructions . does anyone have a set that can be emailed to me ?
i have to move several large signs from place to place . the dimensions work but i wonder if having only 3 lips on the cart would make them `` tippy '' ?
i am new to mod podge and decoupage , i want to glue paper or fabric to a glass vase , but i want a high gloss and hard finish . which one should i use ?
how wet dose it write ?
i want to secure heavy metal shelves . will this tape support 90 lbs square inch ?
can we use the sheet on cubicle wall ?
this cartridge works with my printer ?
i have very little computer printer savvy . can i hook up an epson printer to a hp computer ?
i have a 4500 series . the black cartridge from the printer is : cc654a . do i need the exact same numbered cartridges for this to work ?
does this have a scanning function ?
print black or color ? does it print in both black toner and also color ? do you have to use the color feature ? i know from previous experience once one color runs out , it will not print . i only want black ink toner . print black or color ? does it print in both black toner and also color ? do you have to use the color feature ? i know from previous experience once one color runs out , it will not print . i only ... » read more print black or color ? does it print in both black toner and also color ? do you have to use the color feature ? i know from previous experience once one color runs out , it will not print . i only want black ink toner . « show less
can i hang the letter files sideways ?
how many lines ?
what are the dimensions ?
what do i do to get my esp c15 kodak to quit pulling in paper sideways ?
how easy is it to read in low-light conditions ?
which one would be best to use applying fabric to glass plates ?
can i use this glue to attach fabric zipper facing to a leather vest . the fabric ripped away from the stiching for about 3 inches on the front of a vest . i can not sew it back on without removing the entire zipper . will the glue repair this ? can i use this glue to attach fabric zipper facing to a leather vest . the fabric ripped away from the stiching for about 3 inches on the front of a vest . i can not sew it back on without removing ... » read more can i use this glue to attach fabric zipper facing to a leather vest . the fabric ripped away from the stiching for about 3 inches on the front of a vest . i can not sew it back on without removing the entire zipper . will the glue repair this ? « show less
is this the bin unit whose dividers have 4 ~ 3 4 '' wide 'feet ' that hold divider upright ?
as the description mentions that these boxes are good for `` archival filing '' and in a separate location they say for photo storage ... are they acidfree ?
why it print only in collor
what is the actual size of the board ? ( amazon says 3feetx2feet , then it says 3x3x25.5 ( ! ) . also , does it come with horizontal one side , vertical the other ?
would these fit comfortably around a wrist ?
will this converter work in the sheaffer calligraphy pen set that is sold on amazon ?
is this in blue ink ? would appreciate if anyone could tell me .
can i out it on top of each other ?
does it come in a gift box ?
what is the life span of the fujitsu scanner
i see two wheels in the photo . can someone tell me how this unit is as far as portability ? easy to move ? stands solid does n't move when using it ?
what is the size of the actual chalkboard surface v. the frame ?
does it make the envelope paper wrinkle and wave ?
will this work in a photosmart premium c309 ?
how do i replace the photo ink for hp c309a ? it 's not working even with all the other inks full ? does this ink work for photo slot only ? ridiculous no
my printer has two black cartridges . one is wider than the other . the one i want is skinnier and has an hour glass shape . is this the right one ?
will these work on chalkboard paint ?
where was made these pencils ?
does it print in color ?
how high is seat from floor ?
does it print 4 x 6 black & white photos ?
are there similar holders for horizontal postcards photos ?
will it work with 1.4 '' wide tape ?
can the high capacity paper tray handle legal paper ( 8.5x14 ) ?
does it have `` empty '' slots ? can you stamp 9 digit numbers instead of 10 digits ?
can you bind using wires smaller than 9 16 '' ? it does n't say `` up to '' 9 16 '' , so i 'm unclear if i can use smaller diameter wires ?
is the middle image the actual size of the font ?
can it do fractions ?
what material is this stand made out of ?
how long is the cable between the platform and the readout , please ?
how wide is the keyboard shelf ?
could you cut off the long end after laminating ( just after the hole ) and the tag would remain sealed ?
does this label cause the disc to get stuck in the player ?
can this labels be used in a zebra lp 2824 plus ?
will these labels work in a dymo labelwriter 4xl ?
which clips does it work with ?
does this holder have a lid so that the chalk wo n't get all over the inside of my bag when not in use ?
does it work with 64 bit systems ?
what is the inside dimension of the drawer ?
i replaced refill and now the springs inside moved and none of the other extras fit back in the holes ! i have owned it for years ! can anybody help ?
is one of the slots big enough to hold a letter vertically ?
how can i set it up for wireless printing ?
how to get the passcode if i did not receive one from the seller
can you write on photo paper with these pens ? we have photo
does this come with a line guide ?
will it work for a 5 point badge
want to scan personal documents and file them on my computer instead of all this paper and a filing cabinet . is this a good scanner for that purpose ?
is there a place for the mouse ?
is this compatible with cp900
this phone brings the power supply ?
does this planner have a calendar ?
can you tell me if 1 '' wide masking tape rolls would work with this dispenser ?
i searched in the manual , but can not find how i turn the strobe ( flash ) off ?
how many numbers can be stored on this phone
does this phone work on a regular home analog voice line ?
no scanner or copier built in ?
it said `` free shipping '' . added to cart and check out , but still have to pay for shipping ?
is this 3 color cartridges ; yello , blue & magenta ? are they genuine brother catridges ?
does anyone know the size of these ?
what is this product made of ? wood ? plastic ?
how , exactly , do you change the height of the stand ?
how big are the rings ?
what does this include ?
can the fabric be cut with a knife or scissors ?
can this be shared by two people for use with two different computers ?
i do n't print color pick so can i use 2 black ink cartridges ?
how many cartridge in a box
these are not refilled right ? sealed in packaging canon containers ?
will this paper work well on a xerox workcentre 6015 laser printer ? i am having some difficulty in finding laser printer photo paper -any suggestions ?
can this be used with a regular keyboard ?
what is measurement from the floor to the bottom of the stand , in other words what is the height of the wheels from the floor to the cart base .
what color ink is in the pen
what size of letters does this board take ?
the glass size indicates you can not scan legal size paper . is that correct ?
when you put a negative in will it be in color
what is the diameter of this chair glie ... looking for 1-1 4 inch ?
does this product use separate cartridges for black and color ?
photo quality ? ink usage ? i was looking for some feed back for 8x10 photo quality from the mp980 printer ? i only need to print 8x10 's and i am trying to find the best printer for my money that produces the best prints . also does anyone know how much ink is used to print one 8x10 ?
does it come with a usb cable ? i was just wondering if it comes with the usb cable in the box ? no where on the page tells me this , except that frequently bought together section pairs this + a 10ft cable . i remember years ago printer company 's would n't include the cable , and would end up traveling back out to the store and pay $ 20 for gold plated nonsense . does it come with a usb cable ? i was just wondering if it comes with the usb cable in the box ? no where on the page tells me this , except that frequently bought together section pairs this + a ... » read more does it come with a usb cable ? i was just wondering if it comes with the usb cable in the box ? no where on the page tells me this , except that frequently bought together section pairs this + a 10ft cable . i remember years ago printer company 's would n't include the cable , and would end up traveling back out to the store and pay $ 20 for gold plated nonsense . « show less
are the highlights on this pen white chrome or brass ?
can the cart be pushed as well as dragged behind ?
does it fold up ?
is this glue good for glass on glass
do they have 2pockets on the inside covers ?
how high off the ground is it ?
is this one sharpener or two ?
are these okay to write on with wet erase pens ?
can you rotate it so that the cork is on the left and the dry erase board is on the right , by removing the tray and attaching it to the opposite end ?
i have 4 different printers , canon mx922 , hp4504 , epson cx7800 and a lexmark x5495 . can i use any of this for dye sublimination transfers ?
can you search for a particular verse using a word search . in other words , if i put int the word forgiveness , will it show me all the verses where tha
what is the product expiration date on the box ?
has anyone tried this ink on fabric ?
is the spacing ( between blue line and red line ) 1 2 '' or 1 '' ?
would this work well for fabrics ? like tacking a fabric to the wall ?
does this include a set of ink cartridges ?
the markers i bought ( dry erase , not board dudes ) do not work on it . the black fades out back to white in 10 sec . has anyone else had this problem ?
how thick is the cork layer ?
are they designed that they can be hung vertically , as well as horizontally ?
can i add a writing pad that opens as a book not a note pad that opens up and out ?
how much weight is the wrap itself ?
can you remove the inner folder so that all you have is a velcro binder ?
i need it to raise the laptop by about 4 '' - will it do that ?
panasonic 2-line corded cordless dect 6.0 black telephone ( kx-tg9391t ) does anyone know if you actually get a cordless handset with this panasonic kx-tg9391t phone or if you have to buy the handset separately ? panasonic 2-line corded cordless dect 6.0 black telephone ( kx-tg9391t ) does anyone know if you actually get a cordless handset with this panasonic kx-tg9391t phone or if you have to buy the handset ... » read more panasonic 2-line corded cordless dect 6.0 black telephone ( kx-tg9391t ) does anyone know if you actually get a cordless handset with this panasonic kx-tg9391t phone or if you have to buy the handset separately ? « show less
the machine `` cassida 3300 '' , detected the new ( last ) bills of us $ 100.00. ?
it states it will print multiple lines . how many lines does `` multiple '' mean ? what is maximum number of lines ?
refillable
will this work in my imac
originality is this toner a genuine brother toner packed in brother box and sealed ?
what is the width diameter of this pen in mm ?
i did not receive instructions with my map . are there ones that can be forwarded ? do they recommend brand type of paste for walls ?
if you have tried this refill with a livescribe pen , does it fit mod ?
what is the best product to use to clean the dry erase marks on the laminate without damaging the surface ? i 'm using a dry paper towel right now and it 's leaving a blurred colored smudge . will rubbing alcohol ruin or degrade the laminate ?
the smead product # 73234 description indicates a 5.25 inch gusset . the product dimensions description indicates a 3.4 dimension . which is accurate ?
can the coiled cord be replaced or is it fixed in there ?
will these work with a folder inserter machine ?
how do you set the date and time ?
does this item have a backup battery to protect settings in a power failure ?
does the basket pull out from the front to empty ?
do they work with the `` your story '' laminator ?
how kmp
how far foward beyond the edge of the desk does the tray extend ?
how do these work on tile or stone ?
is this an original direct from hp ?
anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges ?
will this pen write when wet ?
how do you get this to work . when i put two together they do n't even stay attached to each other ! i must be missing something on how how to use it .
i am interested in this product . i want to know what languages the ocr software ( ie.
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
is the headset jack 2.5mm or 3.5mm on the handset ? does it have a belt clip ?
does the base phone have a jack for a headset ?
i have base model kx-tg7432 . is this phone will be the right one for my base unit ?
does this phone have speed dial ?
does this phone work with tg1062n base ?
are there 12 books in each pack ?
why wo n't the bloody thing staple anything ?
may they rust ?
what is the assembled height ?
i ordered ( and just received ) generic 940xl ink cartridges but they look completely different from what is in the printer , are they even compatible ?
do you load the cards from the outside edge or inside by the stitching ?
is it good to glue legos ?
is this a porcelain whiteboard ?
where do you get replacement parts like the seat plate and cylinder ?
how do i get my 1650en to print without fading on the left side of the paper ?
will this laser printer print 11 x 17 ?
once the tape is on a whiteboard , is it possible to write over the tape ?
what type of cable does the phone come with to connect from the phone to the wall jack ?
black ink cartridge does not print correctly . horizontal stripes make prints unreadable . have tried `` clean print cartridge '' . is cartridge defective ?
why does nothing comes out of the black cartridge ?
can it fax ?
is this ok with the mx300 ?
compatibility with mac can canonscan lide 700f be used with a mac laptop ?
cis for canon pro 9000 mk2 does anyone have a cis attatched to the printer and have u had any problems with it . what make would anyone recomend for the printer . herd horror stories of the ink kept coming out if ya don , t use it cis for canon pro 9000 mk2 does anyone have a cis attatched to the printer and have u had any problems with it . what make would anyone recomend for the printer . herd horror stories of the ink ... » read more cis for canon pro 9000 mk2 does anyone have a cis attatched to the printer and have u had any problems with it . what make would anyone recomend for the printer .
how easy it is to peel off and does not stay glue there ?
how old is it
what are the measurements of the surface ?
voip anyone have any experience using this device with voip such as magicjack ?
my handsets have no headphone jack ... why do they show that people also bought a headset when purchasing this phone ? that is decieving to me . there is no headset jack . did anyone else find this issue ? my handsets have no headphone jack ... why do they show that people also bought a headset when purchasing this phone ? that is decieving to me . there is no headset jack . did anyone else find this ... » read more my handsets have no headphone jack ... why do they show that people also bought a headset when purchasing this phone ? that is decieving to me . there is no headset jack . did anyone else find this issue ? « show less
do i have to purchase the 3 extra handsets ?
if you mount it on the wall , how far does it stick out ?
can the base be mounted on a wall ?
is there any way you can reject an unwanted caller that keeps calling ?
does the main base hang on the wall ?
if i buy two of these without base , how would the handsets find each other ?
this says dect 6.0. dect 6.0 is a wireless term . this phone is corded . what does the dect 6.0 do on a corded phone ?
tell me about the quality of the speaker phone part of the phone . is it easy to be heard and to hear ?
does it recognize standard hid proximity badges or do we have to purchase seperate badges ?
what is the lowest resolution for this scale ? 1 10 gram ? 1 100 gram ?
what is the lowest appx angle to horizontal it will adjust ?
i have a stypen fountain pen purchased in austria . do you suppose this product would work in that pen ?
is this considered a number 2 pencil ?
how long do the lamy cartridges last ? ( i know this is hugely connected to how much you write but i 'm looking for some idea . )
do these products fit and work correctly on the esp 5250 ( 5200 series all-in-one ) ?
i need to use this for small jewelry components , as well as weighing packages - could this scale do both ?
are these flat or curved ?
i would like to hang two maps ( world and us ) back to back with the option of flipping the map to the side i need . will this hanger hold two maps ?
in the product description it says including the lateral file and bookshelf . would you please verify if they are included ?
could the back that is unfinished particle board be installed backward so the finished surface would face into the room if it is not against a wall ?
how do you purchase extra hand sets ?
when you put in a number with the decimal in the proper place and want to keep adding numbers up , do you have to keep putting in the decimal point ?
fujitsu scan snap s1500 instant and s1500 deluxe why would one buy both the s1500 instant and the s1500 deluxe - what is the difference ? i am just starting to think about going paperless . also , do these scanners work with `` vista '' ?
mat would be mostly on wood but would also a portion on a very low .thick rug..would this be ok ?
do you have to change out the drum unit when you replace the toner cartridge ? any tips when changing out the toner cartridge ?
how many cards does it hold ?
size of the translator
what size is it ?
is there a warranty ?
are replaceable blades available ?
how come the blue `` paper level '' indicator on outside of tray indicates `` full '' even if empty ? we have a brand new brother hl-5370dw printer . how come the paper-level indicator on the outside ( on right ) of the paper tray always shows a `` full '' tray , even though the tray has no paper or very few papers ? should n't there be a spring that keeps the silver thing inside the tray up ? please see images : http : img853.imageshack.us img853 9762 p1030478i.jpghttp : img59.imageshack.us img59 9992 p1030475i.jpghttp : img155.imageshack.us img155 4324 p1030476d.jpghttp : img845.imageshack.us img845 1553 p1030477u.jpg how come the blue `` paper level '' indicator on outside of tray indicates `` full '' even if empty ? we have a brand new brother hl-5370dw printer . how come the paper-level indicator on ... » read more how come the blue `` paper level '' indicator on outside of tray indicates `` full '' even if empty ? we have a brand new brother hl-5370dw printer . how come the paper-level indicator on the outside ( on right ) of the paper tray always shows a `` full '' tray , even though the tray has no paper or very few papers ? should n't there be a spring that keeps the silver thing inside the tray up ?
does this printer work for macs ?
does it organize receipts like the neat desk i am looking for a scanner to mainly organize the receipts i collect over time . just wondering if it 's software organizes receipts . also i just purchased a new mac with lion software . is it compatible or do i have to purchase additional software ?
what is the page count on this machine ?
what is the weight capacity ?
are these glossy or matte ?
is the abbey fine reader that comes with the scanner the `` pro '' version or the lighter weight `` express '' version ?
does it support legal size paper ?
what size hitch cargo carrier would you need to transport this cart ?
does this calculator need to be charged or do you have to buy batteries for it ?
i am wanting to order 40 of these . do you have 40 available ?
my pen has a cartridge hausen bill 707 sf . will this777 fit ?
does it jam
does this fax machine give a confirmation ?
is this board magnetic ?
i am a home user . i plugged this phone to my router . how can get a real phone number and make a outbound call
is this a pencil that can be use by an adult as well ? or is the size suited only for children ?
all same color ?
can i scan
my mouse pad is 4 1 2 in across & 3 in tall . bigger than your responses . will it work with that size ?
any owners of this aio running 64-bit windows 7 ? i do n't care if it 's just basic printer and scan . tia .
can this print on regular thermal paper , like a register ?
is this a direct thermal printer ?
fixed arms , does that mean these will not fit the arms that rotate out ?
we need to be able to write with a pen on the coated back of the top ( white ) copy . is there a special pen ?
can i wrap books with this ?
will it work on wood .
do you have to do yourself the text ( example : return address ) to be placed in the rubber stamp ?
how to replace the ink cartridge ?
will this work with an epson stylus cx 48 printer ?
for cents do you always have to enter decimal ( . ) symbol before entering the cents ?
how to refill the cartridges withthis ink
does it come with the cords or do i need to purchase them ?
can the cable be detached from the phone ?
does this model have speaker phone capability ?
does it have a spell corrector ?
how can i get more plastic sheaths for the photos ?
can they be stacked on their sides , with the opening facing outward ? like a wall of storage for toys , books , etc ?
are these clear for example will the rug show thru nicely ?
is there a replacement ribbon available ?
what size and how many batteries are required ?
how do you turn ringer off ?
can you use cartridges that came with epson artisan 730 or do you need refillable cartridges ?
will this fit a remington 1035 streamline portable typewriter and if not do they still make them .
i want to use this cart as a stereo rack and store lp 's in the storage space . is the storage space suitable for lp 's ? the dimensions look right . th
will this fit my smith corona corsair deluxe ? if not , do you know where i could find ribbon with spools to fit it ?
does this only use battery power or does it come with a plug in cord too ?
sidebar pictures show the front wheels pivoting but the main picture indicates they are stationary . so , which is it ?
can this phone be used if you are hard of hearing ?
i have the office-pro k8600 that uses the xl88 black ink tank . will the kit work the same or does the kit comes with similar sized black ink tank ?
will this casters work in the sterilite plastic storage drawers ?
- is the item durable ? - is this item easy to use ? - what are the dimensions of this item ?
where and how do you send the photo for the mouse pad ?
power supply ?
what is the exact length when retracted ?
are there any special printer requirements to be able to print on this paper ?
is this compatible with erc38br ?
does it do movies
can you wall mount the base unit of this motorola phone system ?
how many pages in a package ?
is sturdy enough to use for self-defense ?
is this mac compatible ?
does the cordless handset require a phone jack or just an electric outlet ?
does this package come with ink cartridges ?
is there an issue with tabs on the files of the bottom drawer not clearing when opening and closing ?
description says uses the cartridge or converter nib but is the converter included with the pen ?
what year was this a646 hp compact photo printer made ?
are these a two pocket envelope ? one open side pocket and one closed pocket ? are they letter size ?
do you know if r400 works for google docs ( presentation ) ?
can you mix and match with this phone ?
is the 11 by 17 the outside dimensions or the inside dimensions ?
is the zebra mz 220 ios compatible for use with the iphone5 ?
could this be mounted by using pre-existing hooks ?
is the spectrafile really only 1 '' deep ? how much does it expand ?
what is the size of the actual calculator ?
is it possible to turn it off and never have it turn itself on ?
will you personalize this ?
has anyone had success using it with windows 8.1 and a wireless network ?
ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , they pop out when i press the `` push '' dot . i have never had this sort of problem with other cartridges . have now spent an hour and can not get any of 6 cartridges properly installed . not happy ! ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , ... » read more ink cartridge installation seeking advice on how to get ink cartridges installed . is there a trick i 'm missing . they simply do not fit . when positioned against the back `` wall '' , they pop out when i press the `` push '' dot . i have never had this sort of problem with other cartridges . have now spent an hour and can not get any of 6 cartridges properly installed . not happy ! « show less
and i´ll like to know if this system works with my printer ... can u help me ?
whats the longest lenth of paper scanned ?
can you please confirm this has 2 spots to hold batteries ?
will this hold large envelopes ?
what size is it ?
i have a wifi router with 4 ethernet ports hooked to a cable modem . should i install ooma between the modem & router or to one of the router ports ?
can regular , non-hanging , letter-sized files work in this ?
is there a high yield original brother tone compatible with the hl3075cw ?
does it duplex print
how do you use a refurbished toner cartridge and reset the page counter ?
is this the same length as the sheaffer universal pen cartridge ?
is this assembled ?
does the hanging file drawer have an actual bottom ?
does it work for epson cx4900 refillable cartridges refillable cartridges t0731~4 73 73n ?
can you use the locking mechanism while the cord is pulled out ?
what 's that hole on top ?
does this come with cartridges ?
how easy to use ?
does the elmo stand alone , or does it need a projector ?
how do you calibrate this unit
is it compatible with windows 7 ?
will it do other sizes of negatives besides the tradional 35mm ?
how many cards ?
my embosser is 1.57 '' dia . , what size seals should i use , will the 2 '' seals work ?
what is the overall height of the unit ?
how high will this chair go ?
do the drawers have sliders ?
can it be used with asus android tablet ( tf700t ) ?
`` product dimensions 6 x 10 x 3 inches '' ?
any ideas about yosemite drivers ?
will this mat discolor wood flooring ?
where can i buy black ink for this ?
does samsung ml-2525w work with quarkxpress documents ? i need to print out black copies of quarkxpress documents . i 've been advised that quarkxpress requires a postscript printer , and the ml-2525w does n't support postscript , but i 'd like to find out if that 's the case . has anyone used the samsung ml-2525w to print out a quarkxpress document ? did work , or not ? does samsung ml-2525w work with quarkxpress documents ? i need to print out black copies of quarkxpress documents . i 've been advised that quarkxpress requires a postscript printer , and the ... » read more does samsung ml-2525w work with quarkxpress documents ? i need to print out black copies of quarkxpress documents . i 've been advised that quarkxpress requires a postscript printer , and the ml-2525w does n't support postscript , but i 'd like to find out if that 's the case . has anyone used the samsung ml-2525w to print out a quarkxpress document ? did work , or not ? « show less
is this item lockable
can you lock the swivel so that it does not move ?
it says it 's not compatible with the mfc-290c but it uses lc61 ink ? has anyone tried this ink on that particular printer ?
do they smell like cedar when sharpened ?
can i use them for hp photosmart c4500 all-in-one series ?
what is replacement cartridge number ?
can you buy the cleaning sheet and sleeve ?
what is the color
what is the *interior* drawer width ?
one reviewer said there were no rails . is this so ? how does one then hang the large hangers with hooks that would normally hang on the rails ?
could this file cabinet withhold a large lexmark printer sitting on top of it ?
including the legs and wheels , what is the height ?
does this black ink cartridge work with the kodak hero 7.1 ?
what is the country of manufacture ?
what sort of files can you keep it it-how about hanging folders ?
is it possible to use this unit without a landline phone company service , as a home option for extending cell phone use throughout the home ?
what is the warranty and return policy on this item ?
is this printer compatable with windows 8
the listing says beige , but the picture is light green . but when you click on it the picture is dark brown ... so which colour is it ?
what are the actual demensions of this ?
does it have a tape attachment ?
what is the size of this calculator ?
who does the narration ?
is there any way to prevent the cover from breaking off ?
will i be able to scan my 127 superslides ( 40mm ) with this scanner ? if not , do you have a model that can scan that size ?
i do n't use a cane but find it easier more comfortable to walk when pushing a shopping cart . would pushing this make it more comfortable to walk also ?
can the scanned photos be edited ?
a reviewer said `` make sure your internet connection is fast enough to support voip . '' what speed is needed ?
can the middle shelf be adjusted up or down ? can a 5gallon bucket fit underneath the middle shelf ?
what is the number for hp 's high capacity cartridge for 1606dn ?
if i order from today , when can i got it ? or how many business days to take it ?
i 'm a little confused . it is a 25 record mailers made to hold one record , or is it a mailer that holds up to 25 records ?
can this be plugged into the mic input of a computer and record to a file ?
do those phone system have build in music on hold system already ? so if
how big is this ? i see the dimensions but that does n't help me . is it letter size ? or smaller ?
headset jack ?
what are the dimensions and also , are the monthly calendars all in the front or does each specific monthly pages precede the weekly pages ?
how long before ink in its sealed package starts to `` dry-up `` ?
is the phone base wall mountable ? and are the numbers on base & cordless illuminated ?
what is the weight capacity ?
does it add the hours ?
will this work for the envy 4500n ( uses 61 cartridges )
what is the condition of this printer and does it take # 60 tri color and # 60 black ink cartridges ?
can this machine scan the negative ?
i have a view a vupoint st415 scanner . will it fit into this case ?
will small magnets stick to it as well ?
i am uncertain what the horizontal slit in liner means - is it just that the backing has a slit for easy removal of the sticker ?
the ocr software came on a mini disc & i ca n't find an adapter so i can put it on laptop . amazon does n't even sell them . where can i get one ?
any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to know how true this is any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to ... » read more any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to know how true this is « show less
how fast does it print a 4x6 picture ?
does the printer come with a usb cord ?
is there room on the top shelf where the laptop sits to also have a 27 '' external monitor and a mouse ? thx .
can i use this with my ipad square ?
how many digits per line ?
are the tags easily removed ?
can i also use my fax machine with this ... ... ... .besides my phone ?
how high is this cabinet with the wheels ?
will it fit over the arms of a toddler car seat
what is the voltage for this machine ? can it be used with 240v ?
can you set where the folds need to be or is there only one setting ? do they tri-fold for # 10 window envelopes ?
will it accomodate 1 '' spines ?
does the printer has a 36 female parallel port connection ?
will this printer work on a 64 bit windows 8 os ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
is it compatible with epson 1410 ?
when do you use canon gray ink ?
where is the gray color ... .my printer is asking for this one .
what is reasonable number pages per cartridge ?
what all-in-one canon printers use pgi-225 and cli-226 ink ?
does the cabinet come with a key ?
scan quality
is this too high for desk use ?
will this cut sandpaper sheets ?
does this phone come with , `` talking caller id . '' feature ?
will this cut 13 '' paper ?
does this film accept color laser printing or just black and white ?
how is it tranportate ? does it come into a tube ? how big ist the tube ?
is this made of metal or is it more of a dry erase board ?
what is the size of the pages and how many pages are included ?
does this work with windows 7 and 8 ?
does it work with windows 7 64 bit ?
can it connect to more than one line ?
my monitor at work is a viewsonic vs15453 . there are new screws in the holes where the plate would attach , does this unit work with viewsonic ?
does it smell bad ? is there a smell after it dries ?
are the labels permanent or removable ?
what is the yield per toner
according to erotron 's website and p n : 33-341-200 , it states the newer version supports 24 '' monitors and as large as 26 '' . is this the newer model ?
are all brother printers crap , or just this one .
is it really necessary to replace the drum when the machine says so or is there some way to postpone it .
is this the drum or the toner , it states toner but the picture and part number is for the drum ?
replacement wheel for stroller
compatible with windows 7 anybody know ?
has anyone tried printing on fabric with this printer ?
why have our prints coming out ewith a very pink tinge
how big are the tags that come with it ?
is the display powered by electric or batteries ?
if we do not use a battery , will this need to be calibrated every time we plug it in ?
can the chalkboard be mounted vertically rather than horizontally ?
is the board a slate-lilke surface on a hardboard composite wood ?
how many pages will it print
what is the exact height including wheels ?
i replaced all ink cartriges . black was n't working before and still is n't . i 've cleaned the printhead 6 times . still no printing in black . help
is this software compatible with windows 8 ?
is this a color printer ?
will this work with a 17.3 latop screen size ?
how much ressure can it withstand ?
i bought this scanner but i can not get it loaded , i guess i really do n't know how . can you explaine how to load ?
are these uv lights ?
do these have the chip ?
is this model mf4570dn auto duplex copy & printing
does this have a hinged top ?
does this pack come with envelopes ?
what does it mean by `` manual '' . do you have to feed sheets individually ?
how does this attach to the desk . how long are the screws , as my desk top appears to be quite thin ( less than an inch )
are any compatible cartridges available for this printer that work well ?
i installed this in my 4570 cdw . i could not get the drum life counter to reset . is that because of an issue with the replacement drum ?
how do you know if you have missed a punch ? is there any indication that you have or do you have to remember that you did ?
dimensions ?
can this be used on quickbooks pos ?
how can i change the name and state of the stamp ? is that separate ?
does this chip resetter work to reset t200 chips . `` wf-2540 ''
i see dimensions as 14.5 x 18.8 x 27 inches . which is hgt , width , depth ?
will not print
this converter work with cross bailey , black lacquer , fountain pen with medium nib ( at0456-7ms ) ?
does this stand have the two plastic clips on each end that prevent the laptop from sliding off ?
is this mac os x compatible ?
can this laser printer be operated with just the black cartridge ?
does it have double side printing ?
can this scanner scan directly to my pc ?
what are the dimensions of the mounting base ?
can one use an ac adapter with this ?
how to transfer images to computer ?
will i be able to print on card stock or only regular paper ?
follow-up question : why is it necessary to replace the drum and not just the toners ?
is this a good device for someone who speaks fluent mandarin and no english in order to communicate back and forth with english only speaking persons ?
what are the inner dimensions of the two top drawers ?
can you use this phone to transfer a call to another phone that is a different type ?
i 'm 5'2 '' . can this chair be adjusted for a petite person ? and i slide the arm rests in toward my body so my elbows are n't out to the side ?
what size paper will this printer print - the maximum ?
how many cards does this hold ?
i just ordered this name plate about an hour ago and i wondered how long it would be before you e-mailed me for the customizationed . also i was wanting to give it for a birthday present on oct 1 and i wondered how long it would take for me to receive it .
does this cabinet lock
does it have speeker
is this stand metal or plastic ?
are the auction tickets perferated ?
what is the approximate dimension of this shredder ?
how do i increase the number of users on this machine ?
i do n't have the ability to print using quickbooks . do you need additional software to print on these ?
can you buy generic toners ? if so , how much do they cost on average ?
is this printer wireless ?
is there a paper tray to catch incoming faxes . if so , does it come with the unit ?
how much weight does it support ?
does the assembling manual state the max weight limit and what is it ?
will this work well on dark blue painted walls in a room ?
how much does an individual lock weigh ?
would i be able to replace the keyboard tray with my own that screws into the top surface of the desk ? can the top surface take screws ?
do you get 2 or 3 pads ?
are you required to have a quickbooks pos for this ?
this item shows : backed by a 100 % guarantee and a two-year warranty . how does one go about making a claim for this ?
so two people say no wheels & two people say yes wheels - so are wheels & casters considered different ? does it have casters ?
how to distinguish the tinct to refuel in ink box
is this for legal sized or letter sized folders ?
do all four drawers lock , or just the top ?
does it fit canon image class d420 ?
what 's the thickness ?
how wide is the lip
my desk top is 7 8 '' thick . is this enough for to attach the tray arm to the desk top ?
can someone tell me the dimensions of the mesh pocket under the calculator ?
what kind of door is on the top file holding the books ?
are amazon 's dimensions of 11.9 '' wide and 19.9 '' deep correct or is it the other way around ?
does the yellow show up on black or other dark fabrics ?
do you have to have an sd card , or you can scan directly to the computer via bluetooth or usb ?
should the length of keyboard need to be taken in consideration . scissor lift work functionally on the desk ?
does anyone know if this product will work for a left-handed child ?
does it ring independently on the hand held receiver ?
weight capacity
does it print from apple products without downloading a special brother app ?
how do i change the font size ?
will this scan pictures ?
do these ink cartridges work with the mfc-j875dw ?
i am planning on purchasing an epson expression premium xp-810 , will this cis work with this printer ?
how many chairs can be stacked together ?
is this a digital or analog system ?
is this toner powder based ?
does this register have the option to turn the receipt printer on off ?
does it have an electic cord or just battery power ?
yield per cartridge ?
can you wash it ?
does this binder has inside pockets for unpunched paper ?
how many inches deep ( front to back ) is the binder when in the presentation position ? trying to see how much counter space it would take for recipes !
once it is in the position you like , how much force can it take without shifting its angle or position ?
is this magnetic
what is the gallon size of the paper shred storage ?
would this work ?
i lost the software disk . is there somewhere online from which i can download the software drivers ?
how big is the strip ?
does it scan pictures
is this a good printer to print original art on greeting card stock . if not what would be the alternative .
how long is the product waranteed for ? ( what is expiry date ? )
what size battery does the mws-1940 take ?
from where can i download the scan pc software ?
are these manufactured by brother or a third party ?
it is printing in red and not the other colours what can i do to remedy ?
i have a wall mount attached to my wall that is 3 inches wide & 4 3 4 inches long . will the mount on the back of this phone fit my mount ?
does this unit have remote access feature ?
will it fit 3 ring binders
i do n't need caller id or speaker phone for my job does it still need the batteries ?
how many inches apart are the eye hooks - my cedar sign is 22 '' wide and the eye hooks are 12 '' apart
my printer wo n't recognize the cartridge -- it says `` install black cartridge ' even though i 've installed this one . any help ?
can you erase over these ?
what is height from bed to bottom of table ?
is the item durable ?
does it scratch up the feet of your mice ?
can the wheels be lock up so it wo n't roll around ?
could i fit a poster inside and use it that way ?
can i print on both sides ?
are these # 2 hb pencils ?
will this hold traditional wrapping paper , birthday , christmas ?
does it provide ability to link your cell phone via bluetooth ? thx
can you print photo 's on photo paper ?
are they acid free ?
does this phone attach to the wall ?
will this cord fit cannon 1800
does it come with the charging cord ?
is this item the newest and most current model ?
how many unwanted calls can you block
is there a speakerphone on the base , as well as the handset ?
what is the actual size ? height off floor ?
i 'm wanting bags to hold 10 size a-2 cards and envelopes . would these hold that many ? if not , any recommendations on the size of envelopes for that ?
is it compatible with kx-tg6645 base ?
can you please tell me if this is compatible with at & t el52200 ?
is this compatible with the cs6219 base ?
how do i use the `` caller id '' function to block calls
what is the sound quality on the handset speaker ?
i seem to have lost ( or misplaced ) one of a set of 6. can this work in conjunction with the remaining 5 ?
how durable is this ?
what material is it made of and what color ?
can you disable the printer from reading the chip ?
what color is the ink in the pen ?
does this phone work with phone service provided by a cable company ?
how long do the batteries last ?
how many pagers with this system . pretty vag info
is it compatible with mac os x 10.9.2 ?
how sturdy is the plastic ?
can you disassemble this easily for packing ?
is it stable when writing ? do you have to support the board ?
can it survive a house fire ?
can you easily raise and lower the height while the laptop is on it ?
i dont understand how one product can have such opposite views . some love it , others say it is not worth even this money . how can the quality vary so ?
does it flip all the way around for easy writing on your lap ?
are the envelopes coloured or white ?
does this have wifi ?
can the esp 2170 be connected to the computer with a usb cable ?
how do you set the year ?
can you set it up with . ipad
can this expansion handset be used at the same time another expansion handset is being used when only 5-10 feet from each other ?
are the notebooks college-ruled ?
once i added this table to the workstation , the weight of it keeps pulling the table down . is there something to hold the table up ?
can you turn the ringer off ?
does this phone light up when it rings ?
is this printer windows 8 compatible
is this model compatible wih mac osx 10-4-11
whats the factory warranty ?
will they fit pilot dr. grip 0.5 pencil ?
should you use this while wearing shoes.. ?
how do i set up the wireless printer capability ? so frustrated !
if color ink cartridge is low will black still print ?
will this printer work with my mac ? i am running os 10.7.5 if so , will it be seamless like other printers are ?
will these toners work with my brother hl-3045cn printer ?
what is the exact weight of one sheet of paper ?
what is the size of the basket ? the product description indicates 17 by 16. what is the actual basket size ?
is it possible to print strips of photographs ? like the old photo booths ? does it have in house cutting mechanism ? many
how do i change kg to lbs or ounces
would this be useful to scan old handwritten wills and administrations for genealogy purposes ?
$ 18.99 for one ream of 500 sheets ? seriously ?
can you scan , let 's say a receipt , and save it for later storage onto your computer once you 're at home , or office ?
what is the ac voltage 120v or 220v ?
what maintenance is needed
ferrofluid
does this work for posting documents onto a classroom board ?
do these pencils come sharpened ?
audible caller id ?
how heavy are they ?
i 'm in a rush and need to make the inserts while i 'm waiting for the badges . what is the exact dimension of the paper insert ?
hi . does it work with a battery or plugued ?
how many cards does it hold at once ?
what material is the lapdesk made of ?
can this scanner be powered by a usb connection ?
how do you change the footpedals to left for reweind , right for fast forward ?
is there a way to check the toner level , other than waiting for a `` toner low '' message on the screen ?
does it fax also ?
will this work with windows 7 or just xp ?
do these phones have call blocking ?
which are the cutting dies provided ? in inches please ,
can you hang it on the wall or is it just a desk type phone ?
will this work on a brother hl2140 ?
do all expandable handsets have to be plugged in to a wall jack ?
is it too heavy to use as a necklace ?
do the handsets have speed dialing ?
compatible with hp 3050 j610 ?
will they work in a photosmart c4640 ?
what is the total width including everything ?
does this come with the warranty and does the power supply adapter that comes with it work with the ultraship u2 scale ?
what is the biggest size of paper this printer can print on ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
how can you tell when the basket is full without taking the top off ?
how tall are the cups ? i need something for my professional markers.they are bigger around than sharpies . max crayons markers they hold ?
did anyone have trouble with the mouse function not working correctly ?
what is the count for $ 17.84 ?
does it include batteries ?
will these work in my hp deskjet 1050 all-in-one printer ?
what size cartridges does it use ?
if you hang vertically , is there a chalk ledge on one of the short sides ?
do you have in a canadian version ? if so how much for canadian version ?
what are size of barbs ? 2 '' or what ?
how does this power up ? is it solar and battery ?
how many credit cards does it hold ?
is this drum unit compatible to tn-450 mfc brother printer ?
can you use an ink cartridge versus the ink cartridge converter ?
what is the size ?
what color is the padding underneath ?
does it require calibration prior to use ? if so , how did you calibrate it ?
what size paper does this print ?
will these fit in a mens wallet
where do i connect the battery wires ? is there a diagram i can look at to know how to install this ?
how heavy is this crate ?
what is the height of the receiver ? ty .
does this come with replacement caps for the cartridge ?
does this one compatible with canon mf4880dw printer ?
are they perforatred or doo they have to be cut ?
has anyone had any problems using a fountain pen with this ?
do you get the ornate wooden box that is displayed in the photos with this pen ?
will this toner work correctly in canon image class mf 4270
is there a place online where i can download programming software ?
is the cork thick enough that pushpins do n't pierce through to the wall ?
is the cork board able to be mounted in both portrait and landscape positions ? or is the board only able to be mounted in one of those styles ?
does it begin with mon and does the lower right include sat and sun next to one another ?
which replacement eraser works with the rotring rapid pro ?
are these cartridges remanufactured or oem ?
the screen is so faint , off and on ca n't be read . any suggestions ?
would the strap handle constant movement ? i travel on a bicycle and was wondering if i can ride with this strapped on my back ?
will these stick on tile ?
is it color and black ? for the 2 pack ?
what kind of cable do i need to purchase for this resetter and where can i find it ?
can i print pictures on picture paper with this printer ?
is it wall mountable
how long is the outside strap ?
is is possible to purchase a replacement receiver instead of buying the entire system again ?
gxp1400 is support vonage ( vocalocity ) network ... ... ... ?
where do you buy the refillable pages ?
would this be good for scrapbooking ?
what nib idoes it have : fine , mediume ?
how big an area can be scanned in one pass ( put another way , how big is the glass plate ) ?
can you all engrave the pens ?
what is the size of the platform ?
is there a warranty and information on how to contact the manufacturer if needed ?
what is the expiration date of this cartridge ?
fits the 8600 model ?
is this ink compatible with my hp officejet pro 8600 ?
what is the yield of this 2x cartridge
can this be used on hl2280dw starter cartridge ?
does this phone have speed dial where you push only one button ?
i want to create names for a wooden coat rack but i want them to be removable down the line . would this product be suitable ?
can i have it with my company information on it like it has the cbs logo ?
how do you turn the crank with one hand while holding the sharpener in place with the other ? do the two buttons at the top hold the pencil ?
i bought one of these for my classroom last fall and it sharpened great . but is now not sharpening well at all . is it only good for one school year ?
can the ringer be turned off completely ?
does this phone have intercom capability ?
how do i get the chalk to come off ?
what is it made of - wood vs. compressed wood ? can this be used as a book case as i am looking for a book case with doors ?
how do you charge the battery ?
can someone please tell me if you think this product would work for a petite woman who is 5 2 '' ... not too long or high thereby causing shoulder pain
what pouches come with the machine ?
is this item new ? is there a warranty ? if warranty work is needed -- will it come from dell ?
what is the height ( floor to top of cabinet ) , width ( right to left across front of cabinet ) , depth ( back of cabinet to front ) ?
is the privacy panel included or has to be order separate ?
i have a dell v715w . will these catridge work for my printer ?
how do i increase the mic volume ?
phone does have 2 separate line plug ins ?
the description says it requires 2 aaa batteries ( included ) ... is that to power the cordless handsets or to power the base ? if it is to power the base , what features rely on the battery power ? if it is to power the cordless handsets , no worries : ) the description says it requires 2 aaa batteries ( included ) ... is that to power the cordless handsets or to power the base ? if it is to power the base , what features rely on the battery power ? if ... » read more the description says it requires 2 aaa batteries ( included ) ... is that to power the cordless handsets or to power the base ? if it is to power the base , what features rely on the battery power ?
is there a jam release button ? i was reading but did not find anything that talks about jams and what to do .
can these be printed on a laser printer ?
do these have a magnetic strip or can a butterfly pouch be laminated that contains a strip on them ? if they must be laminated in , how bad does it look ?
will this plug into my iphone 5 or ipad
i can write small , lol . just need to know id the blank area squares are about 1x1 space ? i think this is similar to what i order for my company last
how do i load photo paper from the back instead of using the paper tray ?
does this print card stock ? or , are there paper jams ?
is this label compatible with gc420t
are the dry erase markers fine point ( as in the pic ) or medium point ( as in the description ) ?
will the ink wash out after being printed on ?
how heavy is it
do you need a base station for this phone to work ?
is it true that you ca n't use 3rd party ink anymore in epson machines ? anyone else have the problem ?
any chance this will work with linux ?
does this work with windows 7 64bit ?
is this red or pink ?
do the `` cards '' open up or are they flat one-sided cards ?
are the name plates all the same size
anybody have an issue with ink leakage ( specifically the yellow ink ) within the machine a little left of the centerline ?
does anyone know , can you print with ms word with this printer ?
could i stamp a design on them , just a regular stamp with ink ?
how easy are these labels to remove ?
what color is the blotter itself ? is it gray or black or brown ?
does this scan color ?
is it a regular fax or efax ?
does it print two-sided ?
i have an old television with the big back that i want to place on this to be used during meetings . will this stand handle the weight
after printing an evelope , i ca n't get back to letter printing . can i download a manual ?
i dont know if i 'm missing something .i 'd like to be able to plug a phone ( system ) into my home router and make receive phone calls . will this product do that ?
does this come with the first roll of tape or will i need to purchase some ?
photo scanning ?
i do not have a wireless card in my computer therefore no wireless capability . can you use this printer with a cable connection to your computer ?
can this scan qr barcodes ?
printer says ink cartridges and printhead jam . can not get them to move . kodak wants to sell me a used printer . how can i get the one i have repaire
is this printer compatible with windows 7 and windows 8 ?
the print head is jammed all the way to the left and wo n't budge , how can unjam it ?
does this printer come with ink cartridges ?
how is ink consumption ?
pulling 2-3 pages at once ?
as far as dimensions , i know my printer will fit perfectly on top of this unit . will it safely and with good stability hold 22 lbs + - ?
does this check have a place that prints the vendors address so you can put the check in a window envelope ?
does this phone support skype usernames with special characters like `` . '' in them ?
it looks as if there is a glossy plastic layer over the metal- should this be removed ? can it be removed leaving carved metal bonnet ?
is there ink in the pen
is this tape linen fabric , or plastic tape ?
will this work in lexmark p205 printer
my question is about the actual color i am not familiar with wind oak , is the product color closer to the picture dark oak , or is it a lighter color ?
does this printer do duplex scanning and copying as well as printing ?
do these seats bolt up to the standard 4 bolt jon boat or bass hunter type seat frames ?
how old is this model and or when did it come out
how big is it ?
will i get low ink warning after refilling the cartridge ?
how long is the pen
can this be used with windows 8 as a wireless printer ? scanner ?
can headphones be used ?
how many copies do you get ?
is this a laser or inkjet printer
are there paper feed problems
what are the footprint dimensions ?
when copying can you enlarge the size or dimish the size of the orginal ?
how far up will the seat go ?
can you fill ink from a bottle ?
will this scanner work on a wireless network ?
does this printer have a document feeder ?
will it fit a lexmark pro 715
how many phone numbers can be saved in the phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
can you send the scans directly to your computer without using the micro sd ?
i have just had a new bambo floor added to my home office . is it recommended to be used on a `` hard '' floor ?
how good is color picture printing
how long do the cartridges last before having to be replaced ?
can i print from ios ?
hp envy 110 vs 114 what is the difference between these 2 ? looked on hp 's website and all i can see is that the 110 might be a brown color and 114 is black . 110 also states on buy.com 's website that it can use photo transfer paper . 114 does n't mention transfer paper , but i ca n't imagine that it would n't be able to handle that . can anyone enlighten me ? hp envy 110 vs 114 what is the difference between these 2 ? looked on hp 's website and all i can see is that the 110 might be a brown color and 114 is black . 110 also states on buy.com 's ... » read more hp envy 110 vs 114 what is the difference between these 2 ? looked on hp 's website and all i can see is that the 110 might be a brown color and 114 is black . 110 also states on buy.com 's website that it can use photo transfer paper . 114 does n't mention transfer paper , but i ca n't imagine that it would n't be able to handle that . can anyone enlighten me ? « show less
i would like to scan in my cd collection . what additional software do i need ?
does this printer support windows 8 ?
how many minutes of shed time do yo get before it goes into overheat mode ?
has anyone else had problems with this not printing straight ?
cartridge is 507a or 507x ?
so , are there 1000 , 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheets with 2 labels on each ?
is set up difficult
how do i get rid of wheel marks ? i have dotted lines running down my pictures ? any help would be great !
what comes with the printer besides the printer , any accessories ?
can this label print white in black background ?
how much weight can it hold ?
d you think it can sit on a picture stand and be used on a counter ?
how deep is the clamp ?
are these color cartridges the same ones ( in box ) that you would purchase from office depot , staples , office max , etc ?
can this be used with apple computers ?
how many envelopes can be stacked for printing on this printer
i bought a hp 600 m602 and it makes a clicking sound from the paper feeder is that supposed to happen ?
does this printer come with the 2nd paper tray ? as the picture describes ?
do you have to replace the color ink at the same time as the black ink ?
will this work on the canon printer mg2100 ?
will this work on a prospet pro205
can you have all the phones ring at the same time when a call comes in ?
is it also a copier ?
will this cartidge work in an mx340 printer ?
is it easy to remove employees if they quit ?
is it 220v compatible ?
is there call waiting ?
is the battery a standard size replaceable ?
can the machine counts 1,5,10,20,50,100 bills all mix together ?
would these work with canon mg 3122 ?
would this work well to create a sit to stand environment ? would it be relatively easy to adjust the arms up down the pole multiple times daily ?
how many ringtones does it have ?
do these take standard poe , or do they need a custom injector ?
does this take the place of the multipurpose # 1 tray ; or just sit above the tray and it is still usable like previous models hp printer models ?
is this good for transferring on tshirts ?
description says it comes with 2 blacks but which ones ?
will this printer work with ios ( ipad ) ?
do the hanging files slide easily ?
does this product scan to a pdf ? does it scan from the automatic document feeder . i can not find this info anywhere ?
are the days of the week written on the left side and spaces to write the 6 subjects across the top ?
what 's the depth size of this file box ?
if i order two of these is it likely that one will dry out before i use it ?
can this item be configured to use sip protocol to connect to a service such as voipcheap ?
is this form able to be scanned ? the irs invokes penalties for forms that do not have the capability . see irs.gov .
product info tech details lists board at 3 x 4 feet , top level description is 60 '' x 36 '' . which is it ?
what are the measurements of the spendvelopes ?
i think i see how the plastic taggers go in , etc . but how do you load the actual tags ?
is it possible to reset ( clear ) the memory of the register to its original , just-out-of-the-box state ?
does it stop counterfeit money ( fake money ) ?
can you scan a multi-page document to pdf using the document feeder ?
what is the power supply voltage ? is it 110v only or is also suitable for 220v ?
is this compatible for epson c-120 ?
does the pen start reliably and immediately ? and is the writing smooth without any skips ?
can i print my checks on an inkjet printer ?
is this a sturdy- not super flexible protector ? if i hold it in one hand , will it stay flat ?
are these perforated ?
i want to order this for a church . can you print the church name instead of a last name ?
can the drawer & shelf on top of drawer be remove ? if yes , is there a shelf above the filing drawer and how tall is the space ?
does have network connections ? ethernet ?
can you delete picture before you use photo paper ?
please will someone tell me , what nib size does this pen come in ?
how does the blackwing compare to the mirado black warrior and the black ticonderoga ?
is it magnetic ?
is it a lighted screen ?
how many ml are thes syringes ?
would i be able to sit cross legged on my bed and use it ? is it sturdy ?
can you confirm this is a non-gel ink ?
what is the width of the cut strips ?
do you need to reset the chip or any program to make work ?
if i placed the cross-bar in the middle , would i be able to have two sets of letter-sized hanging file folders..side by side ?
does this work with mac computer and android cellphone ?
can you leave it on the stand and move books under it to hands free read the barcodes ?
are ink cartridges included
why does it say it wo n't work with hpofficejet6100
hp 6700 printer will it operate if color ink is out ?
what warranty comes with the scanner ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
how do you get the scanner to work on this printer ?
will it work with the square system ?
can i use this for birthday invitations ?
the wireless receiver does not fit into my usb port ... .i 'm wondering if i need some sort of adapter ?
whuldi be able to print on legal paper using this tray ?
can it be turned 90 degrees so it is vertical ?
do i need an internet connection voor a wifi p rinter ?
are these only for thermal printers , or can someone use sharpie markers or paints to hand decorate ?
is it an analog system ?
i have a hp photosmart 7525 e-all-in-one printer . can i use 'printpayless brand smart ink refill kit for hp 564 hp 564xl ( non-oem ) ?
what is the minimum depth of the seat ?
is it normal that when you try to print by using mac os x 10.10.3 it usually take 1 or 2 minutes to start printing ?
how high is this unit ?
what are the dimensions ?
it looks like a dark gray laminate in the photo but the description says it 's mahogany color -- which is correct ?
does this toner cartridge work with samsung scx-3405w ?
does this monitor arm work with a 27 '' imac ?
will this fit a large bible ?
copies per toner cartridge
print in both sides ?
i print invitations and announcements on heavy card stock that contain text , graphics and photos . how is graphic & photo print quality ?
does it print on card stock ?
how do you print on magnet sheets with that printer
will this printer print on bristal board or cardstock ?
ca n't i scan a color picture to my computer ?
will the lead hold up to a heavy hand ?
can the hutch be put on either side of the desk ?
does it come with an initial set of toner or do you have to buy that as well at the same time ?
i am confused about what goes where after parents information , where do i place maternal , fraternal grandparents , etc.
when you want to print the picture , what size are they ?
does this work with android ?
can i use this tray with f2dsuper ?
does this work with the f2d 20-super ( yellow one ) ?
how many phone nuumbers can it store
does it hold ink or cartridges ? can i buy those from you ?
does this print also
does the 90p0100 use toner ( powder ) cartriges or ink ( liquid ) cartriges ?
can i print from my android phone ? i can not figure out how to do it .
is this compatible with windows 8
does the back of the chair move or is it stationary ? meaning will it recline back a little bit ?
are these ribbons comparable with ibm wheelwriter 1000 ?
does this phone have call waiting id where you can see who is trying to call in ?
do the handsets display the number of new messages ? or just the base ?
what is the black box for
does it have intercom
is it twain compatible ?
does it scan thermal receipts ?
can i use worldcard software that obviously coming with the scanner to link 2 additional fields to each contact ? 2 additional columns ?
is the color black & pink or black & red ?
i am returnng the last shipment as the books were too small . do you have the 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 ? if so , how much more ?
do all us packages have the same rate per ounce ? or do you have to look up rates by zipcode ?
are the sizes listed for diameter or radius ?
was it ever verified to fit the dejavoo v8 cc machine ?
i have a beveled front desk ; will this attach securly and be as stable when in use ?
can anyone tell me what minimum size desk i need to support a single workfit-s and not have it all topple over ?
what is the hp 6100 printhead assembly and is it replaceable , and if so , what is the cost of a replacement ?
can the font be in times new roman ?
do these fit all the office chairs and if not , can they be returned ?
does it work with macs ?
what is used to put it together ? does it comes with it 's tool to help put the parts together ?
can the paper be printed on with a digital printer ?
how is the noise level ? ok or severe ?
does the toner cartridge come with the printer ?
will this replace the pr4
how long can phone be is use ... .how long does phone battery hold charge ?
is this phone compatible with an at & t system ?
do i always have to push the green flash button after i dial a number ? ca n't i just dial the number without pushing this flash button ?
is there a way to put a call on hold ?
does the phone stand when its not in the charger ?
can it be used as a wall phone ?
how many photos can fit in a single envelope ?
will i be able to mount an ultra-wide 32 '' monitor in the center and 24 '' monitors in portrait mode on the sides ?
are he side of this aluminum ?
will it work with windows 8 ?
the leg brace that sticks out the front does not lock it just sticks out at an angle , is it the angle that keeps it from collapsing when you sit ?
does the obi202 work with magic jack ?
is it exactly like the p2055dn ?
does it print in color too ?
does this print in color ?
would this work for a 77 pound slightly lame older golden lab ?
are the wheels hollow hard plastic or solid rubber or some other material ?
the hinge on my late 2009 27 '' imac stand has failed and my monitor now droops . i have to use the apple vesa adapter kit . will this stand work for me ?
is it plug and play ?
does this product comes with carrying case ?
you have two different dimentions listed for this product ( 4 x 1 x 1 inches and 1.75 '' x 0.5 '' x 0.25 ) what is the actual size of the badge ?
are the pages lined ?
can it print 11x17
dimensions are 24 x 40 x 24 , size is 20 x 20 x 34. please explain , which is accurate ?
is the screen backlit ?
does the seat part move forward and back to support someone with longer legs ? if so how far forward does it move ?
does anyone know how to turn off the beeping sounds when making copies ?
i like the quality but not the life-span . i 've bought 2 in the past yr since after after 5 8 months they start to fail . suggestions ? any warranties ?
would it take an actual vinyl record , or would this be too stiff to go through the rollers ?
is the bill and the coin all one insert and can i just take it out of the cash drawer housing .
has worked fine , but i hate to trash it after it 's empty . do they recycle or refill them ? if so , how can i send it back ?
can it be used on the wf-3012 ?
does it have a number directory or just the five speed dial options ?
anybody find the ink flow sporadic ?
how do i send it back in for warranty ?
there 's shrink wrap on the board , is there an easy way to remove all of it ?
are these really 8.5 '' x 11 '' ?
will it work with a uniden dect2080-4 model
does this phone have speaking caller id- such that if a call comes in the unit will tell you who is calling ?
has anybody every used this with the booktracks text book circulation system ?
is it wall mountable ?
i only have two lines currently , will this phone work ?
does the base have a speakerphone function on it so that i can use it without having to physically use a handset ?
can it be wall mounted ?
can you hear the voice of the person while s he is leaving a message so you can pick up if want to ?
will this corded phone work when the power goes out as long as our telephone service is still up ?
can you turn the riger completely off on both ?
is this handset compatablie with the d3097.i ordered the white base one handset , i need another handset , ca n't find a white handset so i'l get this
can i use skype on this ?
if i type in a sentence of my own in english , will it translate to spanish ?
did any of you receive only half of one color in the package ?
is it the tray shown in the picture of the search results ( all black ) or the one on this page ( gray black ) ?
how long is the power cord ?
can you scan directly to word ?
-what is the thickness of this material ?
if i have a skype number , can i receive calls placed from landlines or mobile phones to my skype number ?
do i have to use a special ink if im sublimating , or the sublimation ink is the same as the one that come with the printer ?
will this work for serta exec high back chair ?
does this accommodate a imac 27 inch ?
what type printer cable does it take ?
are the pins stems removable ?
is this scanner compatible with windows 8 ?
what is the dpi of the photo scans ?
will the base phone work with my existing phones ?
i am looking for a scanner that can scan credit card receipts , cash register , business cards , etc.. mainly small items . what is best for this type of
how are these tabs packaged ? do these tabs come affixed to a sheet of paper or does each tab have a piece of paper which needs to be peeled off ?
is this a genuine brother tn-750 toner cartridge ? or is it a compatible toner cartridge ?
can you trim the plastic after laminating and it not come apart ?
i need to make teslin id cards does anyone know if this laminator will work with that ?
does this come with any warranty ?
do you have directions for putting these boxes together ?
any problems with standby battery life ?
just to clarify , is this january 2013 - january 2014 ?
does this phone work with google voice ?
what is the size of this bag ?
would a kitchenaid stand mixer fit on any of the shelves ?
printer not printing
can i use this tray in addition to the tray that comes with the mfc8710dw ? so i would have 2 paper trays plus the by-pass tray ?
do i need to purchase the drum unit dr720 ? and what is this for ?
can we put an earphone to use @ work ?
is it dual voltage ( 110 - 240v ) ?
will it scan and email documents ?
the full description tab is not working for me . what is the actual size of the mat please ?
so the ink cartridge comes with it is only good for printing 3 photos and that 's it ! are you serious ?
will this convert 24mm negatives ( advanced photo system ; aka kodak advantix system )
is this compatible with mac systems ?
will this work for brother printer hl6180dw ?
need file labels that are all 2 inches in length and font size the same no matter the # of characters - like a typewriter - turn off auto scaling ?
can i scan directly to my email from the device ? or must i install some software on all computers that access the printer beforehand ?
how stiff floppy is this.need to put a 2 sided daily checklist & use felt dry erase pen to check off items then erase and reuse it .
what are the dimensions of this unit ?
the lowest height
is this now updated for the 2014 code
i leave in canada where there is no at & t . can i use the phone with any provider ?
does this ink work in the mg 6200 printer ?
what size is the 3 ring binder ? 1 or 1.5 inch ?
how do you remove the orange plastic part with the ring on it ?
could you use this while sitting in a recliner lazy boy chair ?
is this a ink and paper cassette ?
what are the dimensions of the lower shelf ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
does it do color ?
can i pair multiple ( 2 minimum ) cell phones with obi200 + obibt combination ?
will this copier work with out a computer ?
does this check book have the '' plastic '' to separate duplicate checks ?
are the pages thin paper or more like card stock ? i 'm looking for a thicker paper ?
mg5320
how is the fax feature
will it work in making 5 1 2 x 8 1 2 booklets
is toner included
how often or how many pages ( approx ) does the toner cartridge require changing ? has anyone had problems using off-brand cartridges other than canon ?
does this fax machine have incoming call auto detect i.e . sharing one line for voice and fax and automatically detect a fax vs. voice call ?
does this printer print double sided ?
do you have the dimensions if this pager ?
will this sharpen crayons ?
are these pens the same as the chinagraph grease pen ?
is this compatible with the lexmark genesis s816
i browse internet and play games while sitting in a recliner and needs this to put my keyboard and mouse on it . will it be the best choice for my use ?
are these compatible with the epson stylus photo rx580 ?
i need to know please if this printer has 2 paper trays and can one of the paper trays hold 8 1 2 x 14 paper or do you have to load from the rear ?
can this printer be wired to desktop rather than operation wireless only ?
does the paper load from the back ? does that add extra height to the dimensions advertised ?
can it translate for watching television ?
are batteries included
what is the source of power ? aaa batteries ?
how many minutes of shredding can you complete before the machine shuts down due to overheating & how long is the cool down period ?
how much does the basket hold ?
are the keys rubber or smooth material ?
can i get sms messages this phone ? im in usa .
how much paper can be loaded at one time ?
does this support apple pay ?
my prints are slightly darker than the monitor image ; what to do about it ?
it does n't mention windows 8,1 in compatibility . can it be run on 8.1 ?
can you name the scanned documents from the scanner ?
do the cartridges have an expiration date chip in them like hp does ?
is it refillable ?
what is the expiration date ?
is this a refill from original cartridge or is this not a refill and also original cartridge from brother ?
does it do 1-pass 2-sided scanning when using the flatbed , or only with the adf ?
how many characters fit on the screen at once ?
can anyone tell me if this is quite or noisy ? please .
i lost the instructions on how to change the time . can someone help me ?
does it work with a mac ?
will this table be able to move in close while sitting in a rocker recliner ? how wide is it between the bottom legs ?
is there a swan on the top of the pen
can i print from microstation program on this protter ?
does it come with the manufacturers warranty still ? or any other kind of warranty ?
is this a folding clip board ?
what size is this planner ?
business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards ; will the card slots accommodate business cards ?
business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards ; will the card slots accommodate business cards ?
lowest height from floor to top of the seat ?
i really like this cabinet ... but can someone confirm that this is exactly 16 inch deep ?
will it run card stock
can i choose ink color ?
does it only do transparent or can i actually use pictures from a book on it ?
how well does this work for tablets e-readers ?
work fine in ml-2165 version without wifi ?
can you dock an ipad or ipad mini and print photos ?
what size barbs ? 1 inch , 2 inch , 3 inch ?
is this product usefull to wrap the luggage and dispacht it in the airport ?
are all four inks dye based .
does this calculator show remainders when doing division ( and not just the decimals ) ?
how many watts of power does this laminator use ?
does this model have wheel casters ?
can the casters be removed ? i want to mount the shredder in a cabinet , however , it 's too tall with the casters . please advise -
what is the actual size of this product ? 5x7 ? or smaller ?
can it take 230 volts , 50 hz as mains input ?
is already assembled
does it work with osx 10.9 mavericks ?
does the ps50 scan both sides of a 2-sided document , say a postcard with writing on the back ?
does hd 277 cartridge have expiration chip built-in ? hopefully not .
will this work with windows 8 ?
my tray 2 will not print on 8.5 x 11 ( letter size ) photo paper , it keeps spitting it out and says i need to add paper in tray 2. after being on phone for 3 hours with customer support 3rd agent i spoke to said tray 2 is only meant for plan paper ... is this true ? my tray 2 will not print on 8.5 x 11 ( letter size ) photo paper , it keeps spitting it out and says i need to add paper in tray 2. after being on phone for 3 hours with customer support 3rd agent i ... » read more my tray 2 will not print on 8.5 x 11 ( letter size ) photo paper , it keeps spitting it out and says i need to add paper in tray 2. after being on phone for 3 hours with customer support 3rd agent i spoke to said tray 2 is only meant for plan paper ... is this true ? « show less
where is this pen made country of origin ?
work fine in ml-2165 version without wifi ?
does this work with the brother mfc-8910dw ?
is it 3 pack of 3 or just one pack of 3 ?
for the 11 x 17 manual feed , how many sheets can be stacked ?
does the easel come with more than two pegs ?
what window program is this compatible with ?
does it print duplex
can the base of the clamp be removed and reattached ?
does this come w toner or does one have to purchase toner also ?
does this printer use e450a11a printer cartridges ?
this claims to be a photo printer -- is the quality up to par with an inkjet photo printer with the right paper ?
can you load the photo directly on you computer and bypass the sd card ?
is this compatible with lexmark x7300 series
what head set do i need
are tere alphabetical tabs ?
are the front two extensions moveable ?
i would like to buy 5 cases ( 250 rolls ) . can i get free shipping ?
how many sheets are there in one pack ?
does this printer have an automatic feeder where you can put a stack of paper in to be copies and walk away ?
can base unit be wall mounted ?
are the color cartridges high yield ink cartridges ?
would this work for hp 309 and hp photosmart 7525 ?
could i connect this phone via the internet to google voice or skype ?
approximately how many standard id cards are able to fit in these ?
this table came with four black corner pieces . anyone know where these go as the table came without any paperwork ?
is this all in one printer laser or ink jet ?
if not a laser , is it a jet ? what 's the difference of these two ?
does this come with a power adapter ?
how do i personalize this item ?
this item use battery ?
i only want to print with black ink , never in color . will the printer print with the color cartridges empty or missing from the unit ?
do large pencils fit ?
i have bought 128 toner twice with other sellers on amazon but neither worked with my mf4570dn . i just wanted to ask , does this one fit my mf4570dn ?
is this hat box made of paper or cardboard ?
i have installed the new toner and drum , but keep getting blank pages . any suggestions ?
does this print and cut and is it mac compatible ?
do they fit in the hp deskjet 2540 ?
is it new or refurbished ?
is the printer delivered with ink ? if so what capacity ?
does this printer handle # 10 envelopes well ? are there any feed issues and is a separate tray necessary ?
will this product print pre-punched 3 ring paper ?
how is the adf , i had a 8500 and despite my love for hp printers the scanner on it sucks !
how fast does it scan a black and white page ?
can this printer scan directly to a usb thumb drive inserted in the printer without a computer connected ?
can i use my camera 's memory card to transfer pictures via this printer to my computer ?
is it emv compliant ?
what kind of batteries does this use and how many ?
what ink does it take ?
how can i hook this to a stand alone computer ?
does the printer come with ink or do i have purchase it separately ?
ink
does this printer actually have a rear paper tray ?
what are the optimal settings you 've found for scanning in photo prints ? need to archive 100s of 4x6 family photos . which software ? 300dpi ? tiff ?
where is the item made ?
can anybody explain why i need two black ink cartridges for canon pixma mg5520 ?
do all these work on the pixma mg5420 ?
what is the maximum weight and size book this stand can accomodate ?
will the backing on this harm a fine wood finish ?
how far from barcode can you read a code ?
what size paper dose it need
how does the apple magic mouse respond to this mousepad ?
what hp printers will this fit ?
it is broken . how does the 10 year warranty work ?
do these inks smear when wet ? can you use them on waterproof paper and expose them to the weather ?
do these cartridges display the ink level on the hp8500a printer ?
is it possible to lock this with a pad lock ?
how well does it scan photos and art ?
electrical or battery ?
hp cartridges have an expiration date programmed by hp so no matter how much ink is in the cartridge they will not work .
does it work for ipad 4 ?
how can you find your cell phone
what 's the size of the rings ? one inch or one and a half inch ?
is there a slot for a calendar ? e.g .
how is the weight of equipment in box
does the pgi 250 xl fit in my canon mg7120 ?
does the top lift to allow putting images directly on a glass screen to scan ? or is it only through the document feeder ?
does it come with ink ?
will this work with windows 8.1 ? ( or higher if microsoft decides to release a new os tomorrow : ) ) ?
is this the silver edition
what 's the supported 2g and 3g frequencies ? is it sim-free ( unlocked ) ?
however there were no barbs fasteners included in the package - i was under the impression it comes with some ?
does this work with wifi or bluetooth ? which one is better wifi or bluetooth ?
what are the measurments ?
will it recognize handwriting
the cd disk does not work & downloaded software from penpower wo n't open or run . where & how can i get the software for mac ?
how many pounds can a box hold
is it compatable with windows 8
will this be ok on my wood laminate desk with a urethane finish ?
is this just one box ?
does it comes with lock and key ?
can i use it on ricoh sg 3110 dnw ?
why would one need 4 syringes ?
does the extra capacity of the pgi-255 xxl justify the higher cost versus the pgi-250 , ( in other words , which is the better value ) ?
for the samsung ml-2165w , is a new reset chip required every time you refill the cartridge ? also , is an upgraded downgraded firmware required ?
do you have a exactly store in nyc to contact with you ?
different places on this site list the width as 14.625 '' , 15 '' and 15.8 '' ! what is the actual width on the outside of the tower at its widest ?
is this unit emv compatible ?
what are the sizes of the risers ? how high is it on the lowest level , how high on the higest ?
how fast does it scan a single slide ? i have had a lower resolution unit ( 96 dpi horiz . and vert . )
do these come off easily ( are they `` removable '' ) ? do they leave behind residue ?
does this come with multiple of the same colors or are all the colors different ?
since its aluminum , is it cold to the touch or does it juts feel like plastic ?
how long is the shelf life of this toner ? does it `` go bad '' or last indefinitely ?
i am not a printer expert i will put the cartridge in myself and i am on a device budget will this work in my hp photosmart 5514 ?
will these work for hp 3520 ?
i see it totals hours . does it also calculate overtime ?
i want this for an ereader . i need it to be portable and easy to adjust for travel . car and plane has anyone used it this way ?
do you have to keep track of which handset goes with which base ? or are they all interchangeable ?
can you scan 5 pages into a pdf file ?
there is another 3m projector that is powered by roku . this one is n't the same ?
on the pro model in the standing position is there plenty of room on the desk to rest your wrists in front of the keyboard ?
my wife is hearing impaired . is the speaker loud ?
is the document print quality ( bw color ) good enough to distribute to customers ?
does the auto-duplex work with the automatic document feeder ?
do you just place the cardboard 35mm slide into the slide tray ?
does this cartridge have a high yield ?
will they show up on a black cast ?
i do n't understand how to load the lead . can you give me step by step instructions ?
i use the touchpad on my laptop to maneuver my cursor rather than a mouse . does that 'exercise ball ' thingy get in the way ?
how many days does it takes to arrive to my home address in florida ?
can you easily set this up on your fridge ?
is this poe capable
does it work with kx-tg7731 ?
does the phone have an audible door bell or do i have to somehow tie it in to my existing doorbell ?
is this portable ?
will this fit in a sears chevron ?
include the metallic guide ?
does it come with black color ink cartridges ?
is there a way to de-activate the motion ?
does it count venezuelan bills ?
does it block wifi radiation ? how does it compare to harapad ?
does this come with 4 brocade , or 2 brocade and 2 pinstripe ?
i reed a replacement handset for a cl84350 . will one of these handset 's work
is this postage printer compatible with usps & ups ,
is this a laser printer
is this a genuine oem brother replacement unit , or a generic brand `` compatible '' part ?
does black white printing stop when even one of the color cartridges runs out ?
can you print on # 10 envelopes ?
does this phone have a intercom button ? or do you have to push some other buttons to get to the intercom ?
do i need to install windows 8 on my computer to run this printer or will it run on windows 7 ?
my new computer does n't have a disk drive . if i buy this newer version - can i download the software ?
does this 650 works with win7 64bit ?
the h - w- d in that order . does it have a program phone book ?
works it on 220 volt ?
anyone having voice quality issues when using wireless feature ?
does it print in black & white , without a working color cartridge in the printer ?
will it work with an android phone
what are the dimensions ?
after laminated a sheet of paper , can you cut the sheet and the laminate pouch still stick to the paper without laminated boarder ?
what is it made of ?
is this real wood , or a laminate ?
can i see an actual page from the planner ?
there is no usb cable in the box , what a ridiculous that you can not use it when this item delivered home ... what type of this usb cable ?
does this printer have a paper feeder ?
is the adf have the ability to scan both sides of a single page without manual flipping the paper ?
how fast does this printer scan ? can you print double sided using the feeder ?
will any cordless phone work with the router or do you have to have special phones ?
how is the accuracy ?
what is the nib that comes with it ?
does this set includes envelops ?
the ad 's `` two programmable call buttons '' imply that two outgoing # s r callable . truth ?
colors and text appear faded right out of box . did anyone else have this problem ? any fixes ?
how well does this printer print photos ?
does this printer scanner work with windows xp ?
how many come in this order , 12 ?
can you make sure and send me the blue planner ?
what are the dimensions of this planner ?
what is size
what is the depth of the drawer ?
how many clear coats of lacquer do you spray on the decal before cutting out ?
this does n't come with a power supply ?
can it be used in xp 310 ?
how do i remove the converter and put the cartridge in ?
packed with box or bulk when delivered ? how much does this weigh ?
will this work for underwood model 18
does this dayminder supplied by amazon have english & french for the days ?
willl this product work with cell phone through blue tooth ?
what nib size is this fountain pen ?
does it work with mac ? if so , what software is needed or not ?
what are the dimensions of each day block ? 1 inch by 1 inch ?
how many pages does it take at a time
does it come with a power cable ? , or is it only battery operated ?
can this drawer come with anchors or brackets . is so , could you please provide description and location of brackets .
does this come with 2 keys ?
i am unable to snap the wall mounting bracket and the base unit together for wall mounting . i line up the tabs but it wo n't go . go together .
can this be used with the at & t cl82353 cordless system ?
will it punch through medium weight chipboard and if not what would you recommend ?
how about the refills kit for this ciss ? i ca n't find it in amazon ? how many copies of a4 it can print with 100cc ?
does this come with the charging station ?
will this cut foam core ?
picture quality ?
what is the diameter of the top piston ? 1 '' or 1.1 '' ?
what apple product do you use with this product ?
will the money miser sort canadian coins ?
how many business card can this accommodate exactly ?
will a medicare card fit inside ?
does this contain the toner , drum , and development all in one piece ( like the oem canon 128 ) ?
how deep is the total cabinet ? how tall and how wide ?
is this calculator able to differentiate implicitly ?
does this printer do duplex ?
i need these for poly bags . do they stick well without peeling ?
anyone have trouble charging ? blue light blinks entire time , 4 hours plugged in , only works when plugged in-ideas ?
what is the decibel level for the shredder ?
will this fit inside the luxury jinhao 250 ?
will these fit in an a5 filofax binder ?
what should i do with empty cartridges ? toss them or send them to be filled again ?
do these cartridges clog up the printhead ? do they leak ? what is the quality of these ink cartridges and how does it compare with oem ink cartridges ?
is there grey ink in this batch
how would you rate it on function ? how would you rate it on looks and feel ?
did you order the 2014 refill ?
should something show up on the screen when you install the batteries ?
can you edit the scans once they appear in word ( add delete text if needed ) ?
where can i find paper refills for this at ?
can i use this wireless ? i am in isla coche , venezuela . i work at the beach . can i use it as my cell phone ?
what is the measurements for this shopping cart is this cart regular size or is it a mini shopping cart
where can i buy the crimps ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
is there a monthly fee after i make this purchase ?
this came without a stand . the posting did n't say about stand missing and the photos gave the impression there is a stand . how can we get one now ?
do the pillows come with the loveseat ? if not , where can you get them ?
how are the days listed ? i see a square on the above image for each day of the month , is this all there is ?
what kind of binder does it have ?
is this the cartridge needed for vu point cube printer ?
is this a 2015 planner ?
what is the cover made of ? is it water proof .
description says `` one month per two page spread '' . is this correct , or is it one week per two page spread ?
how much space is each daily square ?
is this diary for 2014 ?
today is jan 17 , 2014 , a friday . in the photo above , the calendar has friday as the 18th . am i really buying the 2014 version here ?
i noticed the weight of this product is 14.9oz , what is the total shipping weight ?
how thick is it ? are there refill pages to replace at the of the year ? anna
does this fit into the franklin covey seven holed punched planner ?
are the pages ruled ?
is the 2014 planner refill still printed in the usa ?
is it black color ? or charcoal ?
paired with ipad , but can not seem to use the keyboard and the scanner simulaniously ?
please indicate in what month this packet begins .
is this franklin covey 60564
i have a problem though : my yellow toner when i print color is leaving lines . the other colors are n't . is a defective toner ? instructions followed
are these pens extra fine , fine , med , or broad ?
does it come with an elastic closure band ?
can one safely leave this shredder in `` auto '' all the time ?
how big is the label slot on the spine of the binder ?
is the frame for this chalk board actually made from wood or is it plastic or something similar to plastic ?
can you only record once or can you put a new message on it ?
if you use it for a keyboard , does it bounce when you type ?
is this planer refill loose paper refill or a spiral refill ?
if i request a single color for all four rolls of tickets , will the raffle ticket numbers be repeated across rolls ?
can i mix these cartridges with the canon cartridges that came with my printer ?
i 've never seen this type of bulb , where do you find replacement bulbs ?
why type of usb cable needed
is this product compatible with lg gw370 neon 2 phone
does this printer has usb connectivity ?
how long does this take to warm up.i have a older okidata c3200n that takes about 30 sec . from the time i hit print . is this a lot faster ?
is this printer able to handle a thicker glossy photo paper that is 10.5 mil 72 lbs , or is that likely to get jammed up ?
how long ( in hrs ) would you estimate it takes to become familiar with the scanning software for someone who is fairly computer savvy ?
is it compatible with windows xp professional ?
what is the height range of horizontal arm ? that is how much can the monitor be moved up and down without adjusting position on the vertical pole ?
where do you find the additional handsets ?
would this product be sturdy enough to store and transport glass canes for lampworking ?
is this rechargeable or do you relace batteries
hi . can someone please confirm that this printer will print double-sided jobs in color ?
does this have a speaker phone ?
bmw
does this unite have a jack in each of the units to plug a headset into ?
will this work for an ipad in a case ? also will not accommodate a book ?
has anyone tried these cartridges with a brother mfc-7860dw printer ? results ?
what is the difference between the sizes ?
can i work on this thing while standing ( putting this on my desk ) ? what 's the max height you can get out of this ?
does this have a manual paper feed slot ? how does it handle letter-sized envelopes , small-pack printable labels , or other oddball papers ?
will this printer work well with laser 1 opaque transfer paper ?
i have a ti 89 titanium . i find the screen difficult to read . often i must use a magnifying glass . is this casio fx-cp400-l easier to read ?
is the exterior soft or `` stiff '' ?
does this fit standard letter size pad in the usa ?
what are the actual dimensions of the chair ? width , depth , and overall height ?
would someone please put the chair in the lowest position and actually measure from floor to the bottom of the seat ?
is this compatible with windows 8 and 8.1
i wonder what the actual beep sounds like .
considering the pt-p700 to print hundreds of mailbox numbers to be affixed to outside mailboxes . good idea or bad idea ? if ok idea , which tape ? r
does it have a 2-page calendar of each month in addition to the weekly 2 page spread ?
can it scan documents directly to pdf format ?
how strong is the adhesive and holding capability ? will it be able to hold an action figure box on a thumb tack in a wall ?
would this work with a samsung note pro 12.2 inch tablet ?
is that a pentagram , or is the book upside down ?
what is the largest size document doxie flip scans ? specifically , 8.5 '' x11 '' size ?
can the design be made with reflective material that can be seen at night ?
what are the cons to basictalk ?
is this compatible with windows 8.1 ?
does the printer have to be compatiable to a certain computer ?
hello everybody ! will this machine do duplex scanning ? how many trays does it have ?
is the email to give me the calling card sent to my email of my amazon accouont ?
can i switch from this sub ink to another sub ink to vise versa ?
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
how can i download the information to my computer ?
can mf6160dw receive faxes to email over network ( wireless or ethernet ) ?
is the brother mfc j875dw the same printer as the brother mfc j870dw ? if not ... what 's the difference between the two ?
can you put a logo on the wallets ?
we currently have a 2 line phone where both lines come into the phone on one standard phone cable . how would this phone connect to ooma office ?
can you leave your hand on the tablet while you write , similar to the boogie boards ?
will this work for a c4795 series
are 2 or 1 swiper ... ?
i 'm leaning toward buying brother because ink costs are said to be less expensive than other manufactures . any one know if this is true ?
is the upper tray too flimsy when extended to operate with 11 x 17 paper ? looked at this printer in a store , and this looked like a weakness ?
can you scan checks using the feeder directly to a computer ? is this usb connected ?
does this come with a stylus and cloth ? also , do you like the stand coming out of the back opposed to the stand being the ipad coming forward ?
if i get the wireless adapter , can i us a 2nd phone as an exstension ?
are these brand new in their original packaging including the cardboard box ?
can i print from my iphone or ipad ?
this is not a fax machine as well , correct ? even though they 're calling it an all-in-one ?
is it suitable for outside on grass
is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ref=sr_1_45 ? m=atvpdkikx0der & s=toys-and-games & ie=utf8 & qid=1383231295 & sr=1-45 is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ... » read more is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ref=sr_1_45 ?
is it usb powered or does it use an ac adapter ?
does it scan receipts well ?
is there a limit to the number of pcs the scanner can be used on , or is it licensed for use on only one pc ?
can this be deflated & inflated if you are taking on trips abroad ?
what are the detentions of this item ?
is this compatable with xp-400 ?
it does n't work . suggestions ?
how well does it work with a newspaper ?
is it mac compatible
is it just wireless ?
looking to use for presentation at work for a 60 : tv what is the maximum weight stand can hold ?
if one cartridge is out of ink , does the printer prevent you from printing ?
does the scanner on this actually scan at 11 x 17 or is it a bit smaller ?
what is est . page count on this cartridge ?
can the lead and ink be replanced ?
do the drawers extend out far enough ?
do any of the drawers lock ?
i know this can print 11x17 , but can it also scan an 11x17 document ?
what is the largest photo print size for this printer ?
can i use this printer with stamps.com using 4x6 labels ?
what size batteries does it take ?
will this work with mfc-j870dw which i bought 2015 ?
is it a duplex printer ?
can you use this embosser without a handle ? or do you need a handle in order to make the impression ?
can not get these cartridges to detect . comes up `` can not detect '' . i 've tried everything i can think of ?
my cartridges i received only printed 4 pages and says low ink . why ?
is it organic ?
demensions as college desk space is limited ?
how does it work ? with batteries or electricity ?
is it clear so the carpet shows through ?
does it come with a warranty ?
is the ink permanent ? is it good for signing books , for example ?
how much paper will it hold ?
how do you set the margins ? ( i know it 's a manual process but i ca n't keep them in one place . is there someway of locking them down ?
do the drawers have bottoms or are they only hanging files on drawer slides ?
will these laminating pouches work in another brand name laminator or just the apache ?
does it come with screws for mounting the monitors ?
whats the weight capacity ?
what is the height of the seat at the lowest setting ?
is the holder for this handset wall mountable ?
does this item come with the clip plugged into the usb port ?
will a ipad air fit in the slot ?
is the top smooth so it could be used as a writing surface ?
will this printer work with a samsung google chromebook series 5 500 ?
is anyone using this scanner software with windows 8.1 ?
does the c2665dnf have a bypass output tray at the back of the printer for envelopes and thicker paper stock ?
will this keyboard work with a samsung galaxy tab 2 model gt-p5113
where can i buy replacement teeth blades for this particular model ?
will this fit a 17 inch laptop with a mouse on the side or beverage ?
does it display constant time on screen in the dark which i can see without pushing any buttons ?
does 48 pages mean 48 sheets ? or 24 sheets ?
does it work easily with windows 8 ?
will this hold , say , a handheld cb radio and a flaregun ?
can the arm be attached to a pole that is permanently fixed at top and bottom , i.e . without sliding it over the top ?
how fast does it scan each 35mm negative ?
is the a gray market lens ? does it come with a nikon warrantee or a 3rd party warrantee ?
how well does this scan books ? does it distort out near the center ?
does it have a call log which lists the incoming and outgoing calls ?
does it display the battery level ( the remaining power charge ) on the iphone display so you can see how much battery life is left before it runs out ?
are these compatible with hp photosmart 6520 ?
i recently tried remanufactured ink cartridges for a wf2630 printer and printer would not recognize them . do you have any that will work ?
is it made of metal or steel , if metal what is the thickness
includes spanish language ?
i 'm assuming by the measurements that papers `` hang '' in portrait orientation . can anyone tell me if this is correct ?
anyone have an issue with the blade not hitting the bar flush ?
can other panasonic phons be hooked to this system . i need 4
is this a 3 in 1 or a 4 in 1 printer
some arguments state that j870dw printers that produce after aug , 2014 can not recognize remanufacturerd ink ! is that correct ?
are all of the toners in this set reega toners ?
i just saw these at our upscale mall and they wanted more than this for one ! do these say swarovski on them ?
how long is the usb cable from stand - that i will attach to my computer , my computer is under my desk and i am not sure if cable ( s ) will reach .
assembly question - are the screws supposed to go directly into the plastic on the underside of the seat ?
what paper is used with this printer ? part # ?
how often should the blades be oiled ?
does this chair allow you to lean back and rock a little ?
does this phone comes with the power cord ?
what size paper can it print ? can it print up to 11x17in ?
if you could do it over , would you buy this printer again ? or would you opt for a different brand or model ?
i realize this is a wireless printer but are you able to plug it in and use it wired ?
do these take the generic international ink cartridges , or do they need special parker cartridges ?
worked fine at the beginning but i now have a black streak down the middle . i 've down the auto cleaning but it 's still there . any sugestions ?
will this phone work with uverse voip ?
does it copy & scan & fax ?
does it work with epson xp 400 ?
i ordered the popo printer but it came with korean instructions how can i get the instructions in english ?
what are the demensions ?
this machine detected counterfeit money of any denomination ?
what app can i ues on my fire phone to make this work ?
is it mac compatible .
will this system print barcode product labels or do you have to print them from a seperate computer ?
i am looking for a black band that is 1 2 '' - 3 4 '' wide and a rested length of 4-6 '' . do you have any that are similar ?
how long is the expandable cord ?
does this automatically reverse the images of negatives ( color & bw ) on the screen so you can ignore those that you do not want to digitize ?
is this comparable with my iphone 6 plus
are these inks pigment like the oem or dye-based ?
does it have a drawer to open to empty or must you lift the top of the machine and then empty the shreds ?
after the scanner scan barcodes , what data format it is when it connect with computer ? is it a list of barcode or statistic ?
how many chargers are included ?
does this phone have a mute button ?
can i connect to cell phone ?
after a no-message call the phone seems to beep forever until we press the receiver button , then hang up . is this normal or defective ?
i have a loose spring in the ink compartment ; is that normal ? should i return it ?
i read that it does manual duplex as opposed to automatic . does it at least prompt you to flip pages over ?
where do you get a new power adapter for this phone ?
will it scan a doc to pdf so that i can attach to an e-mail ?
can this do custom paper sizes , and what are the size limits ? any problem with the printer driver under windows 7 ?
does it print in color ?
does it work with `` airprint '' *without* download of a separate samsung app ? would like owner user ( & not marketing ) response , please !
what is the footprint of the keyboard tray on the pro plus ? and the single plus ? will a full size keyboard and trackpad fit ?
will this print from a computer ?
does it work on a mac ?
several reviewers say you have to have the cd to install the driver software . my new thin laptop has no cd drive . can you do it via internet ?
is this compatible with a macbook pro ? can i use google cloud to print as well ?
understand this is an inkjet printer , but what is performance beyond laser ? does that mean this is basically the same printing quality as laser ?
what is the boot time using wifi ?
i recently purchased this product and thought it came with a full toner . after printing less than 100 pages ( color and b w ) i am out of toner ?
can this phone announce the caller ?
