can anyone tell me the measurement of the leaves ?
what is it made of ?
is the pocket chart included ?
is the bottom edge bound like a `` book binding '' as well , or are the accordian folds exposed ?
can the paper be replace ?
what are the daily pages lay out like ? is there one date per page and allotted times ( like 7am - 7pm ) or is it multiple dates on one page ?
is this hardcover or soft ?
does the bookman bible come with a earbud ?
what size paper fits into the pockets ?
does it have cards for weather ?
is this spiral bound ?
the way the `` other '' version does ?
what is the length of the pen ?
i have misplaced my p-touch model pt-85 user 's guide , can someone send me instructions on how to use this labeler or where i can get the instructions
i have an original model which takes three button batteries . this calculator has been on the same batteries for at least twenty years . where can i buy
what type of batteries does it take ?
does it perform logs ?
what does it smell like ?
are the numbers fully visible on the screen ?
what is the exact size for an image for the front ?
is this item an oem original ?
does it come with an owners manual ?
will the brother fax275 work with hp printer envy
how do i find the product expiration date ?
what is the expiration date on this cartridge ?
i 'm planning to use this paper for printing business cards , is it useful for that ? do you think i can use it with an hp printer , regardless of epson brand of the paper ?
anyone use it on `` wallet-size '' photos ? how well does it fit ?
will this calculator be good for pre-algebra and through calculus ?
does this calc have a `` back '' button , can you delete just the last number typed ?
how do you suppress sound ?
where do i get a plug adapter to use in the uk as typewriter ordered has been delivered with the usa plug .
what are the font sizes ?
will i be ok using this as i have wallpaper on the walls .
would it work on cork tile squares ?
can this tape hold up a mirror on a closet door ?
how many sheets of paper will each 'slot hold ?
i am looking for clear ( not frosted ) labels . does anyone have any advise on how i can get clear ones ?
compatible with dymo labelwriter 450 turbo ?
is this a folded card or just a front back ?
will these work with the dymo 400 ?
do envelopes come with the card paper ?
what is the weight of the paper
is the wrist pad a gel ?
what size printer cable do i need
is the jack hard wired in , or can i change out the cord for a longer one ?
does the handset 's curly cord pull out of the bottom part of the phone , and have a modern modular plug , so i can attach a disability device to it ?
does it speak in sentences ?
this is the origional package but some say new packaging ? remanufactured ?
is the manual included ?
does it come with a usb cord for laptops ? and is the hole part where u plug the usb into like a headphone hole ?
do they come in hp original retail box ? what is the expiration date ?
what are the dimensions of the actual drawing screen ?
what is the # ( pound ) of card stock ?
what is the actual size of the calculator ?
is this phone pure white or cream colored ?
can i use this paper for 2 side printing ?
how do you over ride automatic functions and make it just a manual typewriter ?
can i use this paper to make cut out stencils ?
i 'm interested in the 1830. can it project a floor-to-ceiling image onto an 8 ' wall , or do i need a higher model number ?
is there a battery backup ?
can you use telezapper ( to trick computer generated robocalls using sit tones so they delete you from their lists ) and place the telezapper upstream from cpr call blocker ( to selectively block other calls ) ? can you use a two-tiered approach by using both devices together ? can you use telezapper ( to trick computer generated robocalls using sit tones so they delete you from their lists ) and place the telezapper upstream from cpr call blocker ( to selectively block ... » read more can you use telezapper ( to trick computer generated robocalls using sit tones so they delete you from their lists ) and place the telezapper upstream from cpr call blocker ( to selectively block other calls ) ? can you use a two-tiered approach by using both devices together ? « show less
do you have c9721 too ?
can you please give me the expiration date on the box ?
its have call waiting ?
where can i get the profile for this ?
my printer did not come with the set up ink cartridges will not set up without them ( hp ) does n't make them is this printer trashed ?
how much ink is in the cartridge ?
what are the dimensions of the phone
does this phone allow a headset to be plugged in ? one says yes the other says no ?
i 'm interested to know what size paper only supports ... a4 ?
is this a genuine brother oem new unit ?
i will be using mac osx . will these work with that ?
is the software for windows 7
does the printout include decimals and commas ?
would this sit pretty solid holding a small whiteboard as i write on it ?
how many pounds is this rated to hold ?
hp premium plus paper : do most people prefer the soft gloss or high gloss for highest quality ink jet printing of 8.5 x 11 prints ?
i wonder if the used ones include the usb cables ?
used on cars ? i 'm just wondering if anyone has tried to use these as magnetic bumper stickers on cars . are they strong enough to stick to a car ?
how many inches does it elevate the monitor ?
what are the dimensions of the mounting bracket ? and can it be installed if there is a 2 inch lip under the work surface ?
does this software come with a jewel case , dvd ... ... . template to allow you to import images to creat cover art ?
will this work in a cp910 ?
i use magicjack - is this phone compatible ?
will it work with windows vista or vista professional ?
will this work with an additional gel wrist support ?
is this oil only for fellowes shredders ?
is 15 '' the width ? seems too wide since actual hanging folders are 12-3 4 '' wide . my 3rd deep drawer is 12-1 4 '' wide . any more details please .
does it come already assembled ?
does this package come with the editing tool ?
is the blade self sharpening ?
1. how many names per page ?
is the ink red ?
is this time clock battery operated or electric ?
does this machine calculate daily ?
what size is the slot on top ? will a 3 1 2 '' envelope slide in ?
what is the size of this book ?
what is the stacking strength on these boxes ?
what is the overall size of the entire sheet ?
any chance of fitting 2 sheets of paper in 1 protector ?
are the 25 sheets attached together or can they be used in separate binders ?
how high would the bottom of a binder be from the counter when it is sitting in the rack ( 1 4 `` or 1 2 '' or less more ) ?
is this time clock suitable for a nightwatchman 's rounds and can be stamped once every hour without overprinting .
what kind of batteries does it take ?
does this seat rest raise you up at all ? if not , any suggestions ?
can i please , please ask for red ?
what printer do you use to print this paper ?
does it have an eraser ?
will these ink refills for the phd fit the double heart papermate ball point pens
is blue ink refill available for zebra f-301
is it possible to still buy a bottle of ink ?
i have a piece of lead stuck inside , and it only sharpens part of the way . can you take it apart ? how ?
is it recyclable ?
will the lead hold up to a heavy hand ?
do the tips break off easily when gently sharpened ?
is there any difference on quality and color shades for usa made and mexico made prismacolor set ?
does it have an undated calendar ?
can this be used to stick then separate papers without damaging ? i 'd like to use it to tape car titles to a sheet of paper so i can file in 2-pronged folder . hope this makes sense . : )
is it quite when using the tape ?
how well do they fit on the pencil ? i bought a few ( do n't know the brand ) and they are too loose and just fall off . do these fit fairly snuggly ?
my teachers requested that i purchase `` magic rub eraser - non glossing - white vinyl '' . are these them ?
i need something that works on teflon ( laboratory flasks and beakers made of teflon ) , would sharpie industrial work ?
how is the spray cleaner when used on dry erase marker that 's been left on the whiteboard for a long time ?
my wife bought a tot model . how does one load the staples ? no instructions provided .
are they made in usa ?
what is the capacity for this stapler ?
can you use 3 8 '' staples ?
will this fold glossy paper ? they say digital paper , but does it really ?
is this a 6 pack ?
how many watts does this use ?
does this item have a zipper pocket on the inside left flap ? also , does the item have a pen holder on both sides or just the right side ?
will this work with an hp 61 printer with black printing only ?
how glossy is this ?
how does it move over sand ?
is it 4 or 6 ?
does this talk to mac ?
can i use this to protect a self adhesive label that is stuck to something else ?
does the product also include the clips ?
how easy is it to remove ( tear out ) pages ?
is the back the same color as the front ?
how to use template for this product
is this a pocket or are the sides open ?
are these glossy or matte ?
what type of cartridge it uses ?
do they have a window for the mailing address ?
is the print paper plain paper or inked ?
can anyone tell me the inside dimensions ?
i bought this but once i take the top paper out another one does n't come up , did i load it wrong , tried different ways ? feeling frustrated ?
is this 1-3 4 '' or 2-1 4 `` looking for the 1st one .
will the ph-40 work with my easyshare printer dock 3 ?
will this hold a heavy door open over hardwood ?
am i reading it right that 3 pieces of these erasers cost $ 6.71 ( that is $ 2.24 eraser ) ?
can this hold a reguler size paper ?
picture shows caster bolts sticking up above caddy platform . how does the computer sit evenly ?
can you use a headset with this phone ?
is this item designed to be attached to the 'posts ' that hold the pages in place , or does it just slip over the page with no other attachment ?
does it work with win 7 and how do you get the drivers for win 7 ?
does it have a scanner ?
i need to repair a crack in my cars coolant reserve tank ( plastic holds the hot green coolant ) . the coolant will get extremely hot , how will it work ?
how well does this cut through multiple sheets of regular printer paper ?
does it have slip resistant finish on the bottom ?
one stamp or two ?
any chance this works on an inkjet or deskjet ?
do these bleed through notebook paper or other thin papers ?
what color ink ?
the front of the folder is clear , right , , , so you can see what 's inside ?
are the punch heads moveable ?
what is the distance between the two hangers ?
will this dispenser work with a 110 yard roll ?
will this model accept 14 7 8 x 11 '' paper ?
is this thick enough to make greeting cards of ?
is this the original toner or just a refurbished one ?
i have a blinking red light and a e showing no paper . printer just stopped working . help .
are there any princess phones made by another company , one that does not have cancer causing chemicals
does this have voicemail ?
can i buy just the receiver ( handset ) for this phone any where ?
distance between two small shelves ? can anyone please confirm the distance on the monitor shelf between the two small shelves ? spec 's seem to be given , but without a drawing it 's tricky to be sure . it seems the monitor shelf is 45 '' w and the two small shelves are each 15.25 '' w , which implies that the distance between the shelves is ( 45-15.25x2 ) =14.5 '' -- is that correct ? distance between two small shelves ? can anyone please confirm the distance on the monitor shelf between the two small shelves ? spec 's seem to be given , but without a drawing it 's tricky to ... » read more distance between two small shelves ? can anyone please confirm the distance on the monitor shelf between the two small shelves ? spec 's seem to be given , but without a drawing it 's tricky to be sure . it seems the monitor shelf is 45 '' w and the two small shelves are each 15.25 '' w , which implies that the distance between the shelves is ( 45-15.25x2 ) =14.5 '' -- is that correct ? « show less
if a table of contents is provided , then are the pages numbered throughout the notebook ?
what is the actual tone of the paper ? is it light grey ? white ? bright white like snow ?
what is the size of the paper clip ?
i have a friskar paper cutter that uses a round 1 1 2 disk with a hole in the middle . can you please tell me where i can get replacements ? shirley
do you have to use thermal paper ?
it says `` up to 1.5 inches '' , is it adjustable down to 1 '' ?
mac os compatible ?
is this calculator programmable ?
will this scan both sides of the page , or just one ?
what printer is this compatible to
does this work with a mac ?
when the cabinet is full , do you have issues with the item tipping when you pull out a drawer ?
what are the exact dimensions of this coin holder ?
can this be mounted on a stainless steel refidgerator ?
what is the length of the coiled phone cord and the cable line ?
compatible with windows 7 ultimate ?
can this phone be used with a magic jack ?
what is the paper weight ? 20 # ?
will this item 's drivers be compatible with windows pro 7 os
what size paper does it use ?
does the cutter extend to cut the tape when the plastic shield if bent ?
i am looking for cartridges for lexmark printer x5470 what are the choices ?
i just received mine . but where is the stamp or signed ? there is service guide booklet . how warranty certificate work ? where is serial number ?
does this machine have an `` announcement only '' option ?
can you use an sdhc memory card with this printer ?
does keyboard retract when not in use ?
what is lowest height and is this adjustable for changing heights
can you remove the drawer and if so could i slide a laptop on a docking station underneath it ( roughly 14 '' x 14 '' ) ?
mounting
how long is the phone 's cord ?
is it wireless ?
does the 34 '' length include the handle ? what are the actual inside dimensions on one of the shelves ?
can you verify that this printer dose work as being compatible with a windows 8.1 64-bit operating system ?
my grandson is 7 and does n't say some words so i can understan them , can he type in a word so he can communicate what he is saying
is this pen heavier than the black plastic one ?
is the ink that comes with this pen waterproof ?
i have designed a label . i can get the unit to print addresses , but not on the label i have designed . what am i missing ?
what is the size ?
is this wireless , wifi ?
is it wireless
will this fit the ql-700 ?
are these ql-700 compatible ... ?
are these self adheisive labels
does this system support music on hold ?
what ink refill does this take ?
what is the ringger ? is it a classic bell sound , or modernized ?
what colors are in this pack ?
is it dishwasher safe
if i should need an applicator which one would be the best and easiest to use ?
is the lock secure ?
will these work on the polycom soundstation 2w ( # 2201.67880.022 )
can you use this to print labels for dvds as well ?
does this work with mini cd dvd ?
can this be used on printers other than hp or do you have to stick with the brand of your printer ?
can you turn the printing on and off ?
what are the exact inside dimensions ?
can it be wall mounted ?
what kind of eraser refills does it use ?
will this machine fold a 2 panel brochure . basically it is a tri fold with the last 1 3 cut off ?
my company bought one for our project use . is it suppose to be really stiff in the beginning ?
hello .
will this work for canvas bags ?
what size blades do i need to order ?
can i lift the blade to see where i 'm going to cut ?
what is the length of this stand ?
does it come with any paper ?
is it quiet ?
which size command hook is needed to hold this , , , would medium work ?
will it hold the 14 x 11 legal files ?
i have to replace my refill but can not find le grand refills . can i use one that does n't say le grand ?
are these stackable , to connect to make higher ? if so , how many could you safely stack ( for a monitor ) ?
is the ink cartridge in color
do you think the pockets would be able to hold a stack of 3 index cards ?
what 's the expiration date ?
how do you adjust handset volume - rotary volume control , button , something else ?
can you tell me the approximate length of the power cord ? and is the end a small 'regular ' type plugin or the larger square type plugins ? space issue
has anyone used an acoustic electric such as the epiphone aj-220sce ( shadow pre-amp ) into garageband with this cable ?
is the patented `` easy mount '' hanging system included ?
do these work on the duck brand laminator ?
does this fit european business cards ?
do these all come in a ( gift ) box or are some packaged by fisher on paperboard card like some of the bullet pens ? made in usa printed on package ?
what is the warranty on this phone ?
does this polycom 2200-16000-001 phone come with the power supply 2200-16020-001 included in the package ?
can the stamp be personalized ? or does it just say `` received '' ? we need two lines above the date and one below . will you guarantee the date starts with 2014 and not any earlier ?
does this feeder work with 3x5 photos or just 4x6 photos ?
what is the printing cost per page ?
can i used it on a moderm ?
does it print in color ?
can these sheets be cut so instead of one 10 ' long piece i could have 2 5 ' long pieces ?
receiver replacement how do you find a replacement for the receiver if you break it ?
are the leads refillable ?
after the ink dries for a reasonable period of time , is the ink permanent , even if wetted ?
streaks i just starting using this and it 's great but i am getting red streaks throughout - any advice ?
is this phone really `` white '' as described or is it really `` off white '' or `` tan-ish '' colored ?
how to increase volume
are the posters laminated ?
how deep is the lip on the shelves .
does this machine have a `` deep sleep '' where i need to be there to wake it up to accept faxes .
is the cork thick enough for staples and push pins ?
how narrow a trail will they erase ?
do these smudge ?
who makes them ? made in the usa or china ?
are these letter size , 8.5 '' x11 '' ?
can i interface one of these to a windows xp computer ?
what color is it ?
does this model have an optional bluetooth accessory ?
can it be used with windows 7 ?
i ken alderman would like to order 3 books of joshua code with free shiping can i ?
can it work perfect with 50hz ? and can it work with 220v through external adaptor ?
how can i get remaufactured ink cartridges to work in my hp 1510 printer
can this calculator do graphs ?
how thick of media can it print on
would n't this qualify for pennies as media mail rate , as in 50c for size and under an ounce with disc ?
does it take standard staples ?
is the height of this item really 12 inches ?
is this cartridge standard capacity
problem with the new cl-41 cartridge . tried everything i.e . cleaning and realigning head to no avail . color prints faint . canon pixma mp160 printer
how durable is this ? keys ' ink paint stay on ?
would this work for spring-loaded screen door ?
what is the maximum amount of time this shredder can run before becoming too hot ?
is the area for the mouse sturdy or does it shake alot ?
does it have an option to feed in multiple photos for scanning ?
how far can it titlt down ? can i attach it to a desk , tilt down , lie on the floor face up and watch it like the stars ?
does this packet come with the software for avery labels . if not , how do i get it
does this one fit hp officejet 6310xi all in one ?
is it mac compatable ?
vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the ... » read more vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? « show less
is the canon 104 compatible with a canon mf4150 ?
how many ppm ?
does this carrier sheet work with the scansnap s1100i and are the sheets reusable ?
is it compatible with apple
do you know any hacks ?
does hp officejet 5610 works well with windows vista ?
your tool that say whether it will work with your printer does n't work !
what is the maximum height ?
does this product work well on carpet ?
is this phone works for mac ?
can you remove the lower shelf and use the unit with just the top and keyboard shelf ?
does the lid flip back and stay open when you are looking at a file ... ... without you holding it open with your other hand ?
is it thicker than the scotch carpet tape ?
i 'm thinking of using these to color coordinate moving boxes so the movers know where to put each box . would you recommend these for that purpose ?
is it worth replacing the printheads or should i buy a new printer ?
does mounting the board require the use of a drill ?
is this a genuine new brother tn-580 or a refilled brother tn-580 from m & a global llc ?
how much does this stick out from the wall ?
has anyone used this in an old hp 920c inkjet ?
this scans color photos ?
will this software perform with windows 7 , 64 bit processor configuration ? when i updated my pc , the stomper software i owned stopped working .
are these boards magnetic or is there a similar product that is magnetic ?
what material is used on the bottom of the desk ?
does this pen include the z26 piston converter ?
does this calculator come with the charger ?
is the design on the front gold or silver ?
is it mold and mildew resistant ?
does this have a double bottom ?
what do in need to look for when says in use ?
belt clip for tcx905 ? i have several of these handsets but none have come with a beltclip . does anyone have a link to purchase these belt clips separately ?
difference betweentru9465 and tru9485 ?
does it work out of the box on windows 8 and a inkjet printer ?
will this work with non ergotron mounts ?
can you hang these on a wall ?
is this pad legal or college ruled ?
is the surface paper or plastic ?
ink cartridge life my hp720c used a black cartridge per year and a color cartridge every 2 years . what cartridge life might i expect from the 830 ?
is the automatic document feeder for the scanner as well , or just for the copier printer ?
could i rubber stamp on this card stock ?
is this just a piece of metal that magnets can stick to , or is this an actual magnet ? i want to stick knives to it , will it hold them ?
can i ise this paper with a laser printer using toner ?
will the included software work with a macpro running os 10.6.8 ?
what mac os 's is it compatible with ?
i have lost the usb receiver for my targus presentation remote . can i purchase another usb receiver ?
can i scan medical insurance cards ?
windows 8
rolled
will this printer work with an apple powerbook g4 10.4.11 ?
hotspots requiring authentication . what will happen with hotspots requiring authentication like starbucks . if i could make calls to the states from a starbucks that would be great just to have the phone without switching on my laptop , but i dont think it will work at most hotspots that require authentication . is there any way around it ? hotspots requiring authentication . what will happen with hotspots requiring authentication like starbucks . if i could make calls to the states from a starbucks that would be great just to have the ... » read more hotspots requiring authentication . what will happen with hotspots requiring authentication like starbucks . if i could make calls to the states from a starbucks that would be great just to have the phone without switching on my laptop , but i dont think it will work at most hotspots that require authentication . is there any way around it ? « show less
could you slide this down over your keyboard to make notations on documents ?
how many volts ?
is it usable besides the capita letters off . like can i use it to type a paper for my teacher ?
are these embossed ?
i was wondering if the size of these blocks is appropriate for a 2 yr. old ? i was planning on buying the extra bucket as long as they fit the cards ... i was wondering if the size of these blocks is appropriate for a 2 yr. old ? i was planning on buying the ... » read more i was wondering if the size of these blocks is appropriate for a 2 yr. old ?
can this be used as a classroom mailbox ?
i 'm curious how many keys come with it ? i 'm hoping 2 ... ?
does the organiser have phone line connections ?
do i need to buy pages ( refills ) for this or does it come with them ?
would this file be good for storing pre-printed labels on 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' paper , not force sheets into slots & prevent paper edges any dents & damages ?
are the grid lines very dark ? do they make it hard to write in the notebook ?
hp printer compatible with windows vista i am looking for an hp printer copier scanner that is compatible with windows vista with no hiccups . does anyone have a recommendation ?
does the printer come with the software cd ?
what are the actual dimensions ( width & depth ) of the stand 's base ?
is this box 12 '' wide exactly , with lid on ?
how much does the binder alone weigh , without paper or tabs ?
is the height of this stand adjustable ?
is this compatible for printer mx452 ?
is it compatible with windows 95 ?
1 ) what are the dimesionsofthis scale ? ( 2 ) does this weigh in both grams & ounces ?
how do i put the coins into coin wrappers ? will this m
could a sewing machine fit in this ?
does this pencil come with pencil lead inside of it ?
does this board have the little lines to make writing easier and straighter ?
are these best for checks or invoices ?
where can i find replacement wheels ?
is the connection between the power supply and the console just a standard ethernet cable ( poe ) ?
is this product compatible with windows 8 ?
when the stapler ran out of staples and i replaced them trying three kinds of standard staples including swingline it refuses to feed ?
can you fit a pair of shorts into this ?
how many envelopes are in an order ?
does the paper feed ?
would these handle a standard hardcover book about 9.5x6.5x1.5 '' . someone noted that sharp corners could be problem ... would kraft paper be better ? thx , jg
are these mailers opaque ?
when the phone is plugged into the pc , does it ring when someone calls ?
what is the warranty of the caller id ?
does this card will work with fingertec ta200 plus ? also can it be re-use if employee quit or no longer with company ?
will this printer handle faxing legal size papers ? will the receiving tray hold the papers that go through ?
does it have a usb port and cable to link to a laptop with windows 7 ?
do they come with 4h , 2h and hb lead as shown in the picture ?
what are the measurements ?
does this one have the same depth and height as the 8 slots model ?
does the software of this device support duplex scanning ?
is this a ink jet printer ?
what kind of cartridges do i need for this , my children gave me their c6180 and it states following the cartridge ( s ) is past dueed chapman
are these like the old pentel milky pens ? i do n't understand why pentel stopped making them .
so ?
paper jams every time any solution to this apparently common problem ? sometimes the paper goes in 5mm sometimes 35mm sometimes it gets 75 % out of the top . in the latter cases the drum has been inked so you are obliged to run another copy . paper type appears to be immaterial , paper jams every time any solution to this apparently common problem ? sometimes the paper goes in 5mm sometimes 35mm sometimes it gets 75 % out of the top . in the latter cases the drum has been ... » read more paper jams every time any solution to this apparently common problem ?
this item incluid power adapter ?
books ? does the c8600f scan books easily ?
can it scan 35 mm slides ?
does this pencil have the long eraser that you can twist up as it wears ?
does this envelope meet usps specification for first class letter mailing ?
are these bubble mailers ? padded ?
hello . can you tell me what country of origin comes from ?
i 'm looking to sell a few things on ebay . how many shirts on average can be fit inside ? as well , how many paperback books ?
has the quality improved ?
i have a piece of foam that is 22 '' x11 '' x9 '' , so its 22 '' long , 11 '' wide , and 9 '' high . will this fit ?
will a 6x8 flat card fit inside this envelope ?
can this be used as a 4x6 printer or does it require jpeg format ?
does the shelf collapse i.e . if i ned the cart to hold something tall can i collapse the top portion ?
does this have a hole so it can be attached to a key chain ?
will it work for the sharp el-2196bl that i have ?
how smooth is it compared to the steelseries qck ?
can you do thermal printing on this unit using regular ( sliver ) cds ?
does this print date and time ?
ip4300 does a new ip4300 come with the 5 ink tanks it requires , or must i pay about $ 60 for a set of tanks ?
how does this work with keynote and or prezi ?
printing black and white from web pages does anyone know how to set the mp600 to print in black and white when i just want to print web pages-seems like a waste of color ink when i want to print a yahoo page ? have a imac os x 10.4 printing black and white from web pages does anyone know how to set the mp600 to print in black and white when i just want to print web pages-seems like a waste of color ink when i want to print a ... » read more printing black and white from web pages does anyone know how to set the mp600 to print in black and white when i just want to print web pages-seems like a waste of color ink when i want to print a yahoo page ?
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
would this work on hp4620 ? is this pigment ink ?
some of my problems require that i enter large exponents outside of the parenthesis . are exponents like that easy to enter on this calculator ?
when printing , some parts of letters are not visible , even with fresh batteries and after cleaning the head ... any tips to get it to print all letters ?
are these refillable ?
can i use the canon pc170 to print an email or article off my computer ?
also need to know if it is matte on both sides . do these have bar code stickers on the boards ?
can these be used on black paper ?
are these regular sized letter envelopes for mailing a letter ?
the size in the header show the size to be 4 3 8 , the copy in the body shows 3 3 8 ? please clarify .
are these safe to use for kids ?
is the back underneath the drawer open for power and monitor cords to run out the back ?
are these made in the usa ?
this says it 's `` cover stock '' , is it the same as card stock ?
kind of ink the pixma pro9000 mark 11 uses.does it use 8-c ?
does it work with mac ? i just bought it . the copying and printing seem to work fine . but there 's no scanning drive for mac to download from canon 's website . all the instructions are written for pc , too . does that mean the scanner is not mac-compatible ? but then how come there is a mac logo in the produce description on canon 's website ? i really like the machine . i 'd hate to return it . no , it does n't work with mac . just so other people would know . does it work with mac ? i just bought it . the copying and printing seem to work fine . but there 's no scanning drive for mac to download from canon 's website . all the instructions are written ... » read more does it work with mac ? i just bought it . the copying and printing seem to work fine . but there 's no scanning drive for mac to download from canon 's website . all the instructions are written for pc , too . does that mean the scanner is not mac-compatible ? but then how come there is a mac logo in the produce description on canon 's website ? i really like the machine . i 'd hate to return it . no , it does n't work with mac . just so other people would know . « show less
need new batterys
i have a bag of clips . how do i determine which dispenser size that they will fit ?
does this have the graph squares on both sides ?
do i have to have computer on all time to receive calls ? what if i put my computer to sleep , will skype phone still ring if someone calls me on skype ?
will it shred disks ?
how do you subtract with this model ?
is the printout dual color ?
dial up ? what are the local numbers ?
i want to hang tweezers and small scissors on a strip in my medicine cabinet . do you think the magnet is strong enough to hold these items ?
can this cart be used without the casters ?
that scanners is in good condition ? have any problem ?
will they truly stay stuck to the outside plastic of the jewel case
how many file folder can this hold ?
what is the expiration date on black and on coloured pack of inks
will this work for a photosmart c3180 ?
what is the expiration date on this product ?
what is the expiration date , please .
are these hp oem or just empty cartridges filled and packaged to look like hp originals ?
is the spacing between holes adjustable ?
what is the expiration date ?
will it work for 4 numbers ?
how deep are the pockets ? i 'm just wondering how many standard letters i can get into one of the pockets .
does this embosser come with a custom stamp ?
does this work with chalk markers ?
would a calendar whiteboard be too heavy for these squares ?
what is the weight capacity of this item ?
how many characters will it hold and print clearly ?
does it come with the clear tape or the white tape ?
does this phone have external power or does it depend on the rj-11 providing power ?
i need a clear , large caller id . is this the one ?
how much does it weigh ?
the lights next to the line being used does n't light up . it looks like it should . is my phone broken or do ( what looks like ) small red bulbs not light
does it work with aaa batteries ?
can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone ... » read more can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! « show less
does hp g4050 scanjet work on windows 8 ?
what are the dimensions of the scanning bed glass ?
how can i adjust the handset volume ?
hp l7580 : print using only black ink cartridge ? is it possible to set up the hp l7580 and or it 's software so that it defaults to printing only with the black cartridge ? i do almost all of my printing in b & w or gray scale , yet the printer frequently runs out of yellow ink . does the printer use the yellow ink cartridge to print gray scale ?
can i use these for plastic and glass storage containers in the fridge ?
i got it last week & used 5 days.today washed in luke warm water & the blue and white is separating out.anyone had this issue ? remedies please ?
how do i let the maker know what to put on the lines ?
is there is a ac dc adapter ( eg.electrical voltage input between : 100 - 240v ~ 1.5a 50-60hz and output voltage will depend on the product requirement ?
do the gbc combs fit this machine ?
can you write on these with pen , or does the ink smear off ?
which one of the dimensions is the depth ?
is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply ?
can the 1400 run with mac os 10.8 ?
why would i get a box with the key locked inside ? cant even open it..
does it have the speaker feature ?
will this phone work with digital phone service ?
using this phone overseas does anyone know if this would be a cost effective solution if i am currently residing in the us and traveling to india ?
is battery pack included ?
how many pages not including front and back ?
will this work on something that has been laminated ?
are these on carbonless paper for use without a printer
what size are they ?
do these fit 13 gallon kitchen trash cans , or are they too small for that ?
can you heat shrink wrap with this roll ?
how much weight can it hold
if i buy two , will the other one last until the first runs out ?
does this register use thermal paper , or regular plus ink ?
what operating systems is it compatable with ?
do you think i could use this printer to print name badges at an event ?
what size are the rings , 1 2 , 3 4 , 1-inch ?
what are the inner dimensions of the lower shelf ?
i have a canon mp190 series printer scanner and neither cartridge i just purchased are recognized by it . i purchase 31 & 30 with now issues . pls help
will i get the exact model shown in the official pic ?
is the chain pull strong like a retractable dog leash or weak like a cheap plastic name tag pully ?
does it have a ribbon to mark where you are in the book ?
what color is it
can this register interface with windows consignment software ?
what ink cartidge does this take ?
does it come with a metal stand that can be seen in the second photo ? if not , where can we buy the stand ?
is this the calculator that ged test allows ?
how much of the 6x9 space do i get ? i have a small box that is 5 '' x 8.5 '' would this fit in here ?
is it one piece or two ?
can the arm rest be adjusted so that it is in the same height as the desk surface ( not to the clamp ) ?
are you able to advise if the chair heighth for the seat pan raises to 23 '' from floor to top of seat pan ?
would the `` double-sided '' tape work on a fridge ?
where is the board made becasue i will not buy if made in china
does it do cube roots ?
description is `` cork board 6 x 4 oak frame bulletin board '' . i 'm assuming 6 feet by 4 feet , correct ?
is the software required for successful scanning ? or can you scan to your hard drive without the software ?
what are the colors in this set ?
hello - how thick is the journal refill ?
can these be used as `` whiteboards `` ?
are there 16 individual pockets or 4 long rows ?
does this calculator have a full-color display ?
is it a 3-hole puncher was well ?
is it a two step process ? do you have to punch first , set punched papers aside for aligning or can you put the comb on and stack on the comb while punching ?
does this lap desk actually fit over your lap ?
has anyone ever had to oil the motor ? if so , how ?
does this shread cds
my current wall phone has a line cord with a j11 on each end-it clips into the wall jack -does this phone have the same arrangement ?
it can be configured to display in kg ?
are all the envelopes 4x7 ?
when you underline a phrase , does it leave a blot of ink at the end of a line ?
does this phone mount to wall ?
is this compatible with a mac ?
is the a genuine brother drum unit or a generic compatible refurbished ?
can two of these units be stacked together ( if an additional one is purchased ) , to build a taller unit for a monitor ?
does this write underwater and on grease , etc ?
what is the size of the peanut ?
5300 is on and prints..butpaper is blank . ordered newprinthead 9 3. still blank paper . no ink is present
does this product recognize arabic langauge ?
is fm pro9 compatable with mac os 10.9 mavericks .
does it have a back up battery to save your info when there is a power outage or when it is unplugged ?
does this calculator store equations and if so , how many equations ?
this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . this was $ 329 last night when i added it to my wish list ... this morning it 's $ 520 ? it 's $ 349 at costco.com . « show less
are there undated diary incerts with this planner ?
is this high enough for a 5 ft 5 1 2 in person to comfortably work at a 36 in kitchen counter ?
how high will it go ?
does the seat rotate independently ?
do they include the little plastic eraser cover ?
the description says that the cards are 5 1 2 by 8 1 2 inches when folded but this is an awkward size . are you sure it is n't 5x7 ?
is this cash box fire-retardant ?
what are the actual cash drawer dimensions ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
does it come with a refill ?
how do you secure the bottom of the whiteboard to the wall ?
will this phone work with my rca25423 re1 25424 re1 i need call id
where do you get ink refills ? just got the c7280 and realized ink will be an issue . tried to find the 02 cartridge set like the one that comes with printer , no luck . if bought separately , all these cartiridges will be way to expensive to use.anyone else 's mileage vary ? any hints ?
is it the same paper i originally got for my first data fd130 duo mac
are the sheets all connected - like a tear off from a gum strip - or are they loose ?
anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes prior to printing . maybe it just needs to break in . anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes ... » read more anyone find that it makes squeaking noises while initializing ? it does n't really bother me and i think it 's ok , but it does make some squeaky sounds when you first turn it on or sometimes prior to printing . maybe it just needs to break in . « show less
can this printer work wirelessly ?
high volume projects w 35 mm negatives ? i am looking into this scanner so that i can scan and digitze several years and hundreds of rolls of film ( color and b & w ) . services are too expensive so i am looking to do it myself but i do not have alot of time to dedicate to the project , i am hoping to do this over time when i can spare an hour or two . is the process for scanning negatives , saving , organizing , etc . with this scanner user freindly and easy ? i am hoping to be able to scan entire rolls of film negatives and then editing later ... is this the right product for me ?
canon pixma mx310will this printer work with windows xp ?
scan quality ? does this model scan at a high enough quality for important photos ? is the scan quality really better than the 610 model ?
this mousepad dimenions are listed as 17.7 x 3.9 x 3 and i do n't think that is correct . can you list the proper dimensions for this ? it cant possibly be 3 inches by 17.7 inches by 3.9 inches can it ? this mousepad dimenions are listed as 17.7 x 3.9 x 3 and i do n't think that is correct . can you list the proper dimensions for this ? it cant possibly be 3 inches by 17.7 inches by 3.9 inches ... » read more this mousepad dimenions are listed as 17.7 x 3.9 x 3 and i do n't think that is correct . can you list the proper dimensions for this ? it cant possibly be 3 inches by 17.7 inches by 3.9 inches can it ? « show less
what is the size of the badge and how many come in the box ?
about how many pages will each folder hold ?
epson perfection v300 vs. v500 which one ? i 'm looking to purchase one of these , but can not see a big difference between the 2. can someone tell me the difference between them ? i am wanting to scan both negatives as well as slides to archive them for family use . epson perfection v300 vs. v500 which one ? i 'm looking to purchase one of these , but can not see a big difference between the 2. can someone tell me the difference between them ? i am ... » read more epson perfection v300 vs. v500 which one ? i 'm looking to purchase one of these , but can not see a big difference between the 2. can someone tell me the difference between them ? i am wanting to scan both negatives as well as slides to archive them for family use . « show less
i took off the long yellow ink cartridge cover at the end , and installed , but the printer is only printing black pages . any ideas ?
are the white blotches from the printer or toner ?
is this paper self-adhesive ?
paper jam tray 1 anyone have problems with this ? it is not the paper or any fragments of paper and the guides are all in the correct position . it souunds like it is trying to feed but ca n't . help ! paper jam tray 1 anyone have problems with this ? it is not the paper or any fragments of paper and the guides are all in the correct position . it souunds like it is trying to feed but ca n't . help !
what is the expiration date ?
maximum cut size ? one reviewer says this cutter will not cut a full 12 '' ( they say it 'almost ' cuts 10 '' ) . is that true ?
if this pen comes with black ink , can i have to switched to blue ?
can it write on anything , for example : a stick of butter ?
does the matte black bullet pen have the `` grip lines '' engraved into it like the chrome one does ?
are they worth it ?
how long is the ink visible ( under uv light ) after it dries ?
windows 8
is the print out size larger ?
does this work on hp printers ?
what is the width of this mat ?
will this fit a super 12 model ?
are the casters locking ? is the adjustable width id or od ?
has anyone tried printing to magnet sheets ?
does it have automatic shut off feature ?
is the mesurement 15 '' outside of cabinet width or inside of drawer space ?
are batteries included
what 's the advantage of the longer track over the shorter one ?
does this include the power supply ?
is there a handle or something for carrying ?
how many sheets can be queued up in the document feeder ? approximately how many sheets can be placed in the feeder at once ? all of the product images show just one or two sheets being fed , but can it take like 10-15 sheets at a time ? also , does it work well when unattended ? if i feed 15 sheets into the feeder and walked away , could it deal with that quantity without requiring interaction and does it spit the paper out fairly neatly on the other side so i can re-assemble the original document ? how many sheets can be queued up in the document feeder ? approximately how many sheets can be placed in the feeder at once ? all of the product images show just one or two sheets being fed , but can ... » read more how many sheets can be queued up in the document feeder ? approximately how many sheets can be placed in the feeder at once ? all of the product images show just one or two sheets being fed , but can it take like 10-15 sheets at a time ? also , does it work well when unattended ? if i feed 15 sheets into the feeder and walked away , could it deal with that quantity without requiring interaction and does it spit the paper out fairly neatly on the other side so i can re-assemble the original document ? « show less
how is the odor level of the shredder ?
i need to mount this phone on the wall but the receiver does not stay on the holder . is there a button or something that keeps it from falling off the
do i need to buy different parts for this pencil to work or am i set if i just buy this ?
i 've been seen quite a few people note it is rather flimsy . is that just the plastic tray , or is the metal bracket flimsy ? i 'm thinking i may just reinforce the entire bottom with some fiberglass if it 's flimy so strengthen it up . i 've been seen quite a few people note it is rather flimsy . is that just the plastic tray , or is the metal bracket flimsy ? i 'm thinking i may just reinforce the entire bottom with some ... » read more i 've been seen quite a few people note it is rather flimsy . is that just the plastic tray , or is the metal bracket flimsy ? i 'm thinking i may just reinforce the entire bottom with some fiberglass if it 's flimy so strengthen it up . « show less
when you say 2-pack , do you mean two packages for a total of 4 ink cartridges or just one pack with 2 cartridges in it ?
are the dies removable so you can buy only the die in the future ? what options are available ( font , die design , etc ) ?
are the plates removable ? for example , can you change the orientation of the embosser according to what you want to emboss ?
how do i provided my information to be put on the seal ?
can i change the dies to use different designs ? they say die holders and i do not know quite well what they meant .
what 's the advantage of the longer track over the shorter one ?
in the notebook , it have one more line , what that line can do for ?
can you attach a pen pencil to the notebook ?
can you connect a cell phone to it ?
has anyone run these through a laser printer ?
will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ? here is alink to the stickers avery shipping labels for laser printers , 8.5 x 11 inch , white , box of 100 ( 5165 ) will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ? here is alink to the stickers avery shipping labels for laser ... » read more will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ?
my cpu is only 13 '' in height . will it fit ?
i want to make a booklet with four folded sheets stapled in the center . would this paper be too thick to fold into a multi-page booklet ?
how do you change the cartridge ?
will it support a kindle fire
what 's the deal with `` drums '' ? i know alot of laser printers use drums . i also know they can get pricey . what 's the deal on the hl-2140 ?
do parker jotters still write upside down ?
would it work in gluing foam flower heads to organza fabric ?
is this oem ?
we want to hang this in our garage for our employees to clock in out . do i take the machine into our office and plug it in to access the info ?
is this a sublimation printer to ?
could this keep a toddler from closing the door ?
do you need to buy the hanging files ? or do they come with it ?
porting your current phone number how does it work to port your current number over ? time frame ?
is the actual writing area leather or some other type of material ?
full duplex
do i need a system for this phone or does it work just by connecting to phone jack ? do i need to have at & t service ?
what is a good replacement battery ?
do the pentel energel pens leak in flight ? to-date , i prefer uni-ball vision elite ... does not leak in flight . thx .
what 's the date format ? yyyy mm dd ? is the month spelled out , e.g . dec .
does it work with currency other than usd ?
will this printer work with windows 7 ?
performance with mac os x one reviewer noted challenges with installing printer drivers for mac os x. any other users have good or bad experiences using this printer with mac os x ?
anyone who has actually used this : can it actually laminate 8mil like the manual says ?
mine `` ate '' my inserted sheet , how do i get into the machine to get it off the roller ?
how clear is the laminate ? if i put a glossy printed photo through will it look perfectly clear or kinda foggy ?
what cartridges does this printer use
what are the dimensions ?
would this shelf be able to hold dual computer monitors ?
can you download it instead of using a cd ?
what does t p mean
phone stopped making outgoing calls . tells me call can not be completed . calls can be made from other house phones . any solution on how to fix this
where are the pictures placed ? do you mean that we program a person phone for one number and then place her his the picture on that number ? then , how i see the number .
what year does this stamp start with ?
are blades metal ?
when the ink pad is depleted , can it be re-inked or the pad replaced ?
are the skin color included in the set of 96 ?
pocket size phones available ? i am looking for a phone my elderly father can drop in his pocket and forget about until he needs it . any suggestions ?
how many inches long is a stapler
could i fit a printer on the bottom shelf and sit a cpu tower on the top ?
is this for use in laser printers ?
does this account book have seven vertical columns ?
can the pocket fit an ipad ?
i would like to carry my microsoft surface tablet ( 11 '' x 7 '' , very thin ) in the document pocket . does it look like it would fit ?
what pitch is this bell in ?
can it be used with a mac ?
how much weight does it support ?
how many pencils can you sharpen at the same time ?
does the barrel fit into the cap ?
how deep is the chair seat ?
is this compatible with mf4350d ?
i noticed on the target website that it was lockable . but i sure don '' t see a lock . anybody know four sure ?
does it perform cuadratic function ? does it have natural display ?
when the cap is unscrewed , can it be placed on the top of the pen without any damage over a long period of time ?
work on pc ?
i bought this . it seems to be warped , curving in from the ends to the center . is this standard ? an optical illusion ? or damaged ?
how do i change the ink cartridge
what does `` return prog '' mean , in the product description ? yesterday i got a cartridge error , and i wonder if it has something to do with this ?
wait , so you get a free fountain pen with the purchase of the ink bottle ?
would this be compatable with windows 8 ?
where is this stapler made ? is it made in china or taiwan ?
is this strong enough to function as a tv riser for 46 '' tv ?
is this for thermal lamination , needing a lamination machine ?
can the person spoken to use it to reply ?
what is the width measurement ?
can i turn one of the desks to the opposite side to create almost a 2-person ?
any problem if i put a small microwave oven on top shelf , and a compact toaster oven on middle shelf .. dimensions are good - weight capacity fine -
i am new to mod podge and decoupage , i want to glue paper or fabric to a glass vase , but i want a high gloss and hard finish . which one should i use ?
how wet dose it write ?
will this hold and stick plastic fender flares on truck ?
will magnets stick to this ?
does it fit hp officejet 4630 ?
can i refill this cartridge ?
what is the expiration date on this cartridge ?
network
does it print labels for cds and dvds ?
is there any assembly required ?
how do you personalize the stamp ?
dimensions
what do i do to get my esp c15 kodak to quit pulling in paper sideways ?
what batteries does the casio sl-100l need ?
can it be used on concrete and is it weather proof ?
can i use this glue to attach fabric zipper facing to a leather vest . the fabric ripped away from the stiching for about 3 inches on the front of a vest . i can not sew it back on without removing the entire zipper . will the glue repair this ? can i use this glue to attach fabric zipper facing to a leather vest . the fabric ripped away from the stiching for about 3 inches on the front of a vest . i can not sew it back on without removing ... » read more can i use this glue to attach fabric zipper facing to a leather vest . the fabric ripped away from the stiching for about 3 inches on the front of a vest . i can not sew it back on without removing the entire zipper . will the glue repair this ? « show less
is the top left bin big enough ( and unit strudy enough ) to hold 4 stacks ( say 25 ea ) of 10 oz paper cups ? 3 stacks ?
will this box hold 5 x 8 index cards ? it states the box is 5 x 8. is 5 x 8 the outside measurements of the box ?
what is the weight of the hp photosmart c4480 printer
can i use low odor dry erase markers on this laminate ?
about how many bands are there in one package ?
does anyone know of a fountain pen cartridge converter that will fit my parker sonnet fountain pen other than a parker converter ?
is this blue ink or black ink ?
can i out it on top of each other ?
is the ink in this pen blue or purple ?
i have the scansnap ix500 and was considering getting this scanner instead ( for twain support and tiff files ) , but those 2 would be issues for me . i ca n't tell if the ix500 has better or worse feeding . i have the scansnap ix500 and was considering getting this scanner instead ( for twain support and tiff files ) , but those 2 would be issues for me . i ca n't tell if the ix500 has better or worse feeding . « show less
does the sliding shelf extend only out the right side or can it extend from either side ?
can this board be used vertically or horizontally ?
about how many envelopes can you use this on ?
without this , will the hp photosmart 7520 print photos ?
what is the expiration of the 564xl cyan ?
i have a photosmart 7525. there are two separate black ink cartridges . one is slim like the colored ones and one is wide for photos.which one is this ?
writes on windows ?
does this set contain skin colors ?
does it print in color ?
how much assembly time per chair ?
will this printer accept rolls smaller than 13 '' , for example will a 12 '' x30 ' roll fit ?
how many postcards fit in each sleeve ?
does the tape come with the dispenser ?
is this printer legal capable , and is it capable of determining if a page is legal or letter thru pdf software ?
what is the range of # s included on each stamp ?
can you take the book apart after it is bound ?
how many years does this date stamp have ?
is this calculator good for school in 8th grade and below or would it might be too confusing ?
dimensions
is it auto shut off time out ?
how wide is it
do you have to laminate these ?
has anyone used these labels on a laser printer ? how was the quality ?
how many labels per roll ?
do these labels work in the zebra gx420d ?
how does this tool work ? how long is the rod ? and does it put up the t-bar hooks , the plastic ceiling hangers ?
what kind of metal is this made from ?
what the biggest it can scan
will the ms420 and ms400 models stack on top of each other ok ?
how do i replace the ink ?
would the slots be big enough to hold a battery toothbrush ( total of 4 ) or and a tube of toothpaste ?
the photo output tray on my photosmart b8550 is stuck in the up position . any ideas how i can make it come down ?
it has input for power supply ?
where are these made ?
is there a limit on the thickness of the book that this can hold ? what 's the tray width ?
how does the 7 point star badge attach ? also , i 'm assuming the city of eugene police badge is just an example and or it comes off ?
is this compatible with mac os x 10.7 lion ? the description says this is compatible with 10.3 through 10.5 but has anyone tried to use this with lion ? it seems odd that apple would recommend this scanner on their website if it did n't work with lion . is this compatible with mac os x 10.7 lion ? the description says this is compatible with 10.3 through 10.5 but has anyone tried to use this with lion ? it seems odd that apple would recommend this ... » read more is this compatible with mac os x 10.7 lion ? the description says this is compatible with 10.3 through 10.5 but has anyone tried to use this with lion ? it seems odd that apple would recommend this scanner on their website if it did n't work with lion . « show less
can you use a laptop and a second monitor ?
is this compatible with the cp910 ?
does this phone come unlocked and does it work with ring central ip service ?
what size refills does this hold
do you know if this will hold scotch 3m freezer tape ?
what is the clarity in hearing for the corded phone and the cordless ?
does the amplicification feature have to be turned on each time or once it 's been set , it is in use ?
does it have a speakerphone ? where is the icon ?
no scanner or copier built in ?
it said `` free shipping '' . added to cart and check out , but still have to pay for shipping ?
i need to find a printer that goes with this ink . what brother printers is this compatible with , printers that are currently being sold on amazon ? thx
can you refill these with a standard roll of tape ?
is the package coming in the big box ?
does a keyboard slide under the tray inside the stand ?
how big are the rings ?
is the microfiber pink ribbon starter daytimer the same size ( and inside ring size ) as the pink leather , which is inside ring size of 1.25 , i believe ) .
will a notary book , a stamp , and a finger print pad fit in the bag ?
how does the scanner do with long ( greater than one foot ) receipts ?
is it the same as 211xl
i have a canon printer scanner fax mx410 . what ink cartridge is compatible with it ?
these are not refilled right ? sealed in packaging canon containers ?
will this paper work with my ip6700d printer and give me better pics than kodak paper i have been using ?
how does it stay in place ?
my tower is 7 '' wide and my maximum space to place it is 8-1 2 '' . does this stand adjust narrower so that it would fit in the 8'1 2 '' space ?
what color ink is in the pen
where do i look to order more letters for the sign ?
can i create a word document from the text i scan ?
i have slides from the '50s and '60s that are 2 1 2 inch squares . will these fit into this converter ?
my chairs are 1 '' round on the front legs and 1 '' square on the rear . i wonder if thest will fill the real legs ?
can do poster printing ? if so , how many sheets ? : 4x4 , 6x6 ? total of 16 or 36 sheets ?
rebate does anyone have a copy of the rebate form for the pixma mp980 ?
how does this scanner work with mac computer running snow leopard ? `` image capture '' ?
is the grip knurling exactly as pictured or is it the newer woods crew style knurling ? thanx
does this cart really weigh under 5 lb ? is so , is it sturday ?
it appears we did not assemble it correctly and i seem to have lost the instructions for assembly . are they available anywhere online ? i
does it dry flexibly - will it have any shock absorption like e6000 ?
do these binders have a plastic cover to slip in a book cover page ?
how much width is added to the cpu when it 's in the stand ?
do the pencil shavings come out the opening if you put this in a backpack without emptying it first ?
are these for 3 hole binders ?
is there a tray to hold markers ?
i was just wondering what the life spam of these printers are . i did n't have it long but i think its starting to wind down . let me know .
what kind of batteries or is it rechargable ?
does the package have the `` innobella '' trademark ? also , what is the expiration date on this product ?
has anyone tried this ink on fabric ?
the name says `` 100 pages '' but the picture of the back said `` 100 sheets 200 pages '' . which is it ?
could this work to keep a 7 lb computer monitor stable on a horizontal surface that moves up and down ?
is this 220 power ?
is this board the newer , heavier model that the latest reviewer suggested ?
is the frame removeable ?
what is the hardware that comes with board ? is it the metal grommets that can be put on to hang vertically or horizonally ?
could you fold the portfolio to write on it ?
i purchased this bubble wrap sept. and nov. 2014 -- sold by pro packaging . is it going to be the same excellent quality bubble wrap from valuemailers ?
do the rings fall off the binder ?
good for my 17 inch hp laptop ?
panasonic 2-line corded cordless dect 6.0 black telephone ( kx-tg9391t ) does anyone know if you actually get a cordless handset with this panasonic kx-tg9391t phone or if you have to buy the handset separately ? panasonic 2-line corded cordless dect 6.0 black telephone ( kx-tg9391t ) does anyone know if you actually get a cordless handset with this panasonic kx-tg9391t phone or if you have to buy the handset ... » read more panasonic 2-line corded cordless dect 6.0 black telephone ( kx-tg9391t ) does anyone know if you actually get a cordless handset with this panasonic kx-tg9391t phone or if you have to buy the handset separately ? « show less
can it also work with foreign currency like bolivares , the code is bs ?
can it print language other than english ?
where is the 440cn option ?
does this memory also work for early 2008 macbook models ?
originality is this toner a genuine brother toner packed in brother box and sealed ?
the title is worded funny . does it come with 12 pens ? or 1
how important is it to use clay-base paste when hanging ?
how many refills are included ?
will this come rolled or folded ?
will there be 10 separate folders for each order ?
can it be set to pulse ?
do these require extra postage or is a forever stamp fine ?
do all phones have a ringer off connection ?
does this machine have a beep that alerts you when a message is waiting ?
what are the dimensions
has anyone used these with the scotch thermal laminator - tl-901 ? did they work ?
is it possible to reverse the shelves ?
what are the dimensions ?
how many inches is the black ( rubber ) part ... excluding the metal stem .
anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges ?
is this an original direct from hp ?
does this pen have a clip ?
will it stick in high temperature inside auto ?
does this scanner do well scanning store receipts ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
is the headset jack 2.5mm or 3.5mm on the handset ? does it have a belt clip ?
this phone can block up to 30 numbers . can this be upgraded ( firmware or hardware ) to increase the number of blocked callers ?
will this phone work with my model kx-tga740c ?
does this phone have a volume control ?
does this headset come with belt clip ?
how many pages do these books have ? are the pages blank or `` fill in the blank '' ?
can you use the `` 40 '' page optima staples in this stapler as well as the `` 70 '' page staples ?
how thick is the metal ?
what is the max width of this ?
where do you install ink cartriages
do the sleeves hold credit cards as well , or just business cards ?
will this work on polyester ?
are the dimensions listed the overall dimensions of the markerboard and the stand ? if so , what is the actual size of the markerboard itself ?
can this chair lock in various recline positions ?
is it a duplex printer ?
does this color laser printer come with any toner cartridges ... or at least the black ink one ?
how hard is it to mount on white boards ?
can this phone have a more lengthy cord that could be used ?
my printer takes the hp 56 cartridge , but when comparing c6656an , mine does n't have the `` n '' . will this work for my hp psc 2210 all-in-one printer ?
does anyone have any feed back on this ? is it worth buying ?
can it fax ?
i recently just bought these for my canon printer . i use the canon 30 black & canon 31 color . i received these & my printer wo n't read . what do i do ?
does it scan 120 film , or only 35mm ?
my pro9000 mark ii ink cartridges periodically do not make contact ? these are new cartridges does anyone have a solution ?
do you cut it or is it perforated ?
what type of hp ink does it require ? does it allow you to print both sides ?
what size laptop does it fit ?
is the display easy to see large fonts and light ?
can i copy the directory from my older vtech system to my new replacement vtech system ?
can i use old fashioned headset that plugs to handset not bluetooth ?
i have one of these , but i need two more handsets . would the phone system you arae selling be compatible with the identical one i have now ?
can you use as an intercom between handsets ?
can the ringer be turned off at the extension ?
how do i operate the call log ?
would this work with my cl4939
does the caller i.d . require aa batteries to work or is it powered thru the phone lines current ?
led display is no longer readable-what do i do ?
does it recognize standard hid proximity badges or do we have to purchase seperate badges ?
if i use a power outlet , will this scale stay on until turned off ?
is the item portable ?
will these work with a givenchy stylos fountain pen ?
is this considered a number 2 pencil ?
do these cartridges work with luxury jinhao 250 fountain pens ?
are these ink cartridges appropriate for a kodak 3200 ?
will this scale read grams like this : 0.48 grams ?
my son 's college dorm only allows art hung using push pins . would two push pins be sufficient to hold a 24 '' rail & poster ?
would it look weird if the map were a little smaller than the rail ? like a 43 inch wide map with the 48 inch wide rail ?
in the product description it says including the lateral file and bookshelf . would you please verify if they are included ?
can i paint the whole desk white ?
are voices clear & intelligible ?
physical dimensions
cleaning the fujitsu scansnap s1500 fujitsu scansnap s1500 instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for pci 'm about to purchase a scansnap s1500 & wondered if i needed the purchase the fujitsu cleaning solution , as well . is anyone successfully cleaning their machine with something cheaper than $ 17.99 a pop ? just wondering ... cleaning the fujitsu scansnap s1500 fujitsu scansnap s1500 instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for pci 'm about to purchase a scansnap s1500 & wondered if i needed the purchase the ... » read more cleaning the fujitsu scansnap s1500 fujitsu scansnap s1500 instant pdf sheet-fed scanner for pci 'm about to purchase a scansnap s1500 & wondered if i needed the purchase the fujitsu cleaning solution , as well . is anyone successfully cleaning their machine with something cheaper than $ 17.99 a pop ?
i 'm sure the 53 '' includes the lip . how tall is the lip ? would it essentailly be 45 '' x45 '' without the lip ?
how much more does the `` high yield '' cartridge print over the standard tn-620 ?
how many cards does it hold ?
is the screen display bright and easy to read ?
does it require wifi
is this entirely made of plastic ?
are replaceable blades available ?
is this printer compatible with mac computers ?
does this have a usb port only ?
how does it work for scanning and storing photos ? does it work well for scanning and storing photos ?
how do you set up the 890dw to copy legal size documents . legal size paper in tray but do n't know how to set up copier .
exactly what is involved with the assembly . how much problem with wood splitting .
are the labels adhesive on one side ? in other words , are they sticky ?
scan snap s1500 pdf to editable word conversion does anyone know if requested does the s1500 scanner and software convert a pdf document to an editable word document ?
will this scan to email ? how many emails can i store and scan to ?
does the cart hit your heels when you pull it ?
does this `` fx-9860gii '' accept an sd card ?
what size sd card does this calculator take ? is there a maximum gb size ?
my pen has a cartridge hausen bill 707 sf . will this777 fit ?
how does it do with junk mail credit card offers ? can i just throw in the whole envelope without opening it up ?
do ink cartridges dry up ?
is this board magnetic ?
is this phone still compatible with skype ( jan 2015 ) ?
i am left handed myself and i see no need for this pencil arent all pencils universal they are just cylinders so what is the purpose of this ?
hard or soft cover ?
what is the continuous ink supply system ?
will it work for an hp laptop ?
any owners of this aio running 64-bit windows 7 ? i do n't care if it 's just basic printer and scan . tia .
anyone know if envelopes with one of these postage labels still goes through a meter , or is the postage already `` cancelled '' and thus forgo the meter ?
you indicate the dymo 450 turbo , `` prints on easy-peel , split-back d1 tape ( 1 4- , 3 8- , or 1 2-inch sizes ) . '' where does the tape cartridge go ?
fixed arms , does that mean these will not fit the arms that rotate out ?
can you use a laser printer ?
can i cut this and use it for wrapping and sealing hand made lotion bars ?
how long does ink last ? is it refillable ?
do you send a form in order to get the information on the stamp ?
how to replace the ink cartridge ?
just got the paper but it measures 8x6 as it does not fit in the 5.x7 photo frames . is that normal that the paper is 1 inch bigger each side ?
is this an 8 or 10 digit calculator ?
how to refill the cartridges withthis ink
is it audible caller id or text only ?
i am interested in mounting this phone to the wall . will the receiver hang up easily when mounted ?
does this machine require a distinctive ring from your phone provider to differentiate a call from a fax ?
why this dictionary is comparativewly cheaper ?
i would like to know where we could get additional sheathe also .
i want to use them in my classroom for my kids to sit on ( after i make cushions for the top of course ) .. will they be sturdy for 3rd graders ?
are these clear for example will the rug show thru nicely ?
how many ribbons are in this pack 1 or 2 ?
does it have a power adapter to plug it into the wall ?
country of manufacture
the black on my cis system for an artisan 810 has suddenly stopped working . any suggestions ?
will this ribbon work on a 1962 remington rand fleetwing portable ?
what is the weight capacity ?
will this fit my smith corona corsair deluxe ? if not , do you know where i could find ribbon with spools to fit it ?
does this only use battery power or does it come with a plug in cord too ?
what are the dimensions of the bottom , inside of the basket when open ?
i have a clarity d603 will this phone work with mine ?
i have the office-pro k8600 that uses the xl88 black ink tank . will the kit work the same or does the kit comes with similar sized black ink tank ?
will this casters work in the sterilite plastic storage drawers ?
what is the longest time this pencil has lasted you ?
hello . what are the dimensions of this product ?
power supply ?
does this one click into place when closed ?
can the pink page be printed on the back page ?
previous box had a reorder # ec855-br . is this the same one ?
could i use it to capture stills from 8 mm or super 8 mm film ?
battrery life
will these inserts fit any 12 x12 binder ?
will it fit in the spiral binding of the notebook ?
works on windows 7 platform ?
is this phone wall mountable ?
does this package come with ink cartridges ?
is the top drawer to the right also a file drawer ?
description says uses the cartridge or converter nib but is the converter included with the pen ?
is it battery operated also ?
are these a two pocket envelope ? one open side pocket and one closed pocket ? are they letter size ?
does this allow you to control your cursor as well ?
does this phone show voicemail calls on the base , not the handset ?
are the dimensions 11x17 width then length or visa versa ?
are you able to print via wireless or network ? can you print from multiple computers with windows 8.1 pro ?
are these hooked together or can they be hung separately ?
since the dimensions are stated as being 12 '' x12 '' my question is does this file really accommodate 12 '' x 12 '' sheets of paper ?
can you read the display in dim lighting ?
do the handsets come with snap-on beltclips ?
what size is the pencil lead
is this product compatible with lenovo b590 ? windows 7
how do i print only in black ?
will this ink print on pvc cards ?
whats the longest lenth of paper scanned ?
does it work with windows 8 as a plug & play device ?
how wide can you expand it ?
size ? responses range from 1 to 5 pounds and 3.5 to 7 '' tall . curious variability . question asked repeatedly . maybe seller might post accurate specs ?
can i port a phone number at anytime ?
hmm , it 's locked ... ..guess i 'll just pick it up and take the whole thing home . what am i missing ?
is there a high yield original brother tone compatible with the hl3075cw ?
does it duplex print
flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless ... » read more flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? « show less
how long is it ?
will it hold a 32 ' lcd tv
is the back of the desk finished so it can face into the room ?
does it work for epson cx4900 refillable cartridges refillable cartridges t0731~4 73 73n ?
how do i wear it on my left side ?
is this shredder dual voltage ?
is this network printer ?
does this device work with windows 8 ?
does the elmo stand alone , or does it need a projector ?
why does the top part of the scale open ?
is this cd compatible with windows 7 ?
will it do other sizes of negatives besides the tradional 35mm ?
would a cd fit in here ?
hello ! i would like to know if this seals can be used with my personal embosser machine . is it metallic foil ?
this is desk organizer for legal size 8,5 '' x13 '' ?
when it 's adjusted to its lowest npheight how tall is it for floor to top ?
do the drawers have sliders ?
does this pen work with an apple macbook pro laptop ?
would this work well for printing detailed maps ? if so , which quality of print settings , low , medium or high ?
does this print up to 8x10 ?
one says grid up for antislip with chair , one says gris down to keep from moving . which one is correct ?
can this machine handle carbon copies of checks ? can you buy black ink ?
does samsung ml-2525w work with quarkxpress documents ? i need to print out black copies of quarkxpress documents . i 've been advised that quarkxpress requires a postscript printer , and the ml-2525w does n't support postscript , but i 'd like to find out if that 's the case . has anyone used the samsung ml-2525w to print out a quarkxpress document ? did work , or not ? does samsung ml-2525w work with quarkxpress documents ? i need to print out black copies of quarkxpress documents . i 've been advised that quarkxpress requires a postscript printer , and the ... » read more does samsung ml-2525w work with quarkxpress documents ? i need to print out black copies of quarkxpress documents . i 've been advised that quarkxpress requires a postscript printer , and the ml-2525w does n't support postscript , but i 'd like to find out if that 's the case . has anyone used the samsung ml-2525w to print out a quarkxpress document ? did work , or not ? « show less
in the past , when we had sauder furniture , we lived with a horrible smell from the glue . does this item have this issue ?
does the seat ever start to slide downward or do you need to raise it back up often ?
i need to find a printer that goes with this ink . what brother printers is this compatible with , printers that are currently being sold on amazon ? thx
do the erasers work well ?
has anyone experienced the inability to draw ink with the small syringe after filling the cartridge with ink ?
i´m looking for a printer that can handle 10x17 '' , can this one ?
is it a 110-220v plug or just for use in usa 100v ?
do both drawers lock ?
what is the depth of the file cabinet ?
what color is this file cabinet ?
does this product have a key lock for security ?
how tall is it including wheels ?
is this official kodak brand ? it should have yellow on the label , should n't it ?
on the bottom it says `` not for adult use '' ; why do you suppose they say that ? is it perhaps dangerous to stand on ?
just want to clarify the dimensions : how tall is the unit including the wheel and lid on ?
will this phone work in india ? anyone used it in india ?
does the phone allow separate ring tones for each connected cell phone ?
printer is plugged in w green light on transformer box , but why will the printer not turn on ?
of what is pillow stuffing made ? does it mould to different heights ?
how deep are the drawers ?
there is no `` off '' button - how do we turn it off ?
what is the size of this calculator ?
can you store your favorite verses ?
is there any way to prevent the cover from breaking off ?
what is the advantage to getting the ion pics 2 sd versus the ion omni scan stand alone ?
is this bag chair allowed as a carry on in a plane ?
can the scanned photos be edited ?
a reviewer said `` make sure your internet connection is fast enough to support voip . '' what speed is needed ?
i still would like to know how much weight it can support .
what is the number for hp 's high capacity cartridge for 1606dn ?
sometimes we have to park a distance from the job site and carry the tools . i want something we can put tools in , will this do ?
is th box made from recycled material
i use a plantronics wireless headset with my office phone . will this still work if i plug it in through the handset as directed ?
do those phone system have build in music on hold system already ? so if
is this producet made in the us ?
is speakerphone full duplex ?
what are the dimensions and also , are the monthly calendars all in the front or does each specific monthly pages precede the weekly pages ?
does this work on a hp officejet 4630e-all-in-one series ?
can this unit be paired with a bluetooth headset ?
are the shelves really 33 '' in length ? my shelves were barely 26 '' in length . is the description wrong or did i get a wrong product from amazon ?
how do you get more time cards ?
does this product come with the syringes ?
what is the condition of this printer and does it take # 60 tri color and # 60 black ink cartridges ?
i have this scanner , but highest resolution it allows is 600dpi on photo 's and 4800dpi on film . how do you get 9600dpi resolution with this ?
will this case fit the vu point pdswf-st47-vp scanner ?
can you mount these to a wall ?
help , tried the settings for label , cover stock , card stock and even heavy card stock . toner still coming off . any suggestions ?
can it scan small things , like business cards ? things that are smaller than an 8.5 by 11 in paper ?
is the size of the xl cartridge larger then the standard cartridge ?
is it wireless ?
is the paper loaded in a tray or from the back ?
is there room for a mouse on the desktop ?
i ordered this but received the star tsp100 instead . are they the same ?
how many digits per line ?
will the labels work on frozen cold packaging ?
is the sim slot locked on this device ?
how high is this cabinet with the wheels ?
can it be used with a car seat ?
couple questions:1. what type+size paper could be used ? 2.how would i add a ( hard ) cover to the papers ?
is this a manual or automatic machine ?
what is the most amount of sheets it will bind for one book ?
where is this printer manufactured ?
will this printer run on a 64 bit windows7 os ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
is it compatible with epson 1410 ?
grey ink for canon pixma 980 ?
are these tanks full or partial value tanks ?
will this cartridge work with my 1x6500 printer
is this ink edible ?
would i be able to store a printer on top , or is it not that sturdy ?
cable
how far of a forward angle can it be tilted and locked , how many degrees ?
is this useful for cutting tissue paper ?
does this phone come with , `` talking caller id . '' feature ?
i 'm looking for a cutter that does n't require replacing the blade ... is this true for this cutter ?
does this film accept color laser printing or just black and white ?
does this map have white margins ? what is their width ? what is the map size without the margins ?
is the board solid black or does it have polka dots on it .
what is the size of the pages and how many pages are included ?
will this phone work on a mac computers ?
how long does it take to scan a photo or series of photos on the flatbed ?
can it connect to more than one line ?
my monitor at work is a viewsonic vs15453 . there are new screws in the holes where the plate would attach , does this unit work with viewsonic ?
how does this hold up to water ? okay to use on something that stays outdoors and gets wet ?
anyone have the link to the template ?
has anyone had trouble with paper jamming after installing this cartridge ? solutions ?
how deep does the clamp go ?
can this mfc be used with a mac & a pc ?
i have the brother hl2240d and i have noticed a small amount of fading in places - does this mean that i need a new drum ?
do these have any expiration date ?
i have bought a new brother printer ( hl-2280 dw ) a month ago , i have not even printed 200 pages , i get a `` toner low '' message , why is this so ?
mac compatible ?
has anyone tried printing on fabric with this printer ?
q
i need to buy replacement barbs for this tagger but cant seem to find them . has anyone else bought them ... if so , where ?
does it have a speaker ?
will a 8 week old puppy fit on it
is this board designed for daily use as in a classroom setting ?
can this chalkboard be hung vertically ?
how many pages will you get ?
what color is the finish ?
does it come with ink ? i really would like to know : does it come with ink ?
if this is plugged into a pc , does it create a file that can be accessed by the operator ?
? does it have a scanning function ?
is there *supposed* to be something that snaps off on both sides when first extending the legs ?
how much ressure can it withstand ?
how do i trouble shoot ?
does this damage the paper being written on ? i.e . if the item is worth anything more than the pen itself would this hurt the value of the item ?
do they work in canion mp560 ?
is this model mf4570dn auto duplex copy & printing
is this product the sterilite 1729 supply box ?
what paper size setting should i use so i can print my message inside ? or is there a template ?
i frequently use hp glossy presentation paper . it is 48 lb . any ideas as to whether this machine would handle this well & without a lot of jamming ?
what are the dimensions of the actual keyboard tray ? -- the part where you have your keyboard and mouse .
can i print paper size 11 x 17 ?
is it really necessary to replace this drum when u get the warning message ? can u just reset the counter . i have the mfc-9970cdw . still hasgood copies
can you clock in with just a pin if you forget your card ?
do u need a install cd- to hook it up , and wired to your computer ?
does this work with a micro usb port ?
what size is the stamp ? what dimensions ?
will reset t060 cartridge ?
hi everyone . can you all give us an update on how long this critter is good for ?
is the kodak black ink cartridge # 30 able to be used on the esp 3250 printer ?
can i use this on cross dubai fountain pen ?
is this portable ? can you collapse it and take it in a backpack , along with the laptop ?
is this product comes with software drivers or not ? if not how much is the cost of software driver ?
can it copy
can it handle a4 and legal size paper ? thx
i lost my protective sleeve , where can i get a new one ?
can the arm be adjusted so it holds the position it is placed in ?
can one use an ac adapter with this ?
is this ok to use with a mac
will this machine scan to emai ?
so ... this is just the drum , and does *not* include any of the four toners cartridges ?
does it have a microphone to be able to translate an english lecture into chinese ?
what are the 2 black things sticking out from the side in the picture ? do they have to show ?
does it have a headset jack ?
description of the chair back does n't precisely say whether it can be independently raised and lowered to hit lumbar right . looks fixed to me but ?
what size paper will this printer print - the maximum ?
is it made of wood ?
how do we get this engraved ?
does it hold legal or standard size folders ?
does it have a talking caller id ?
what is the vertical height that the x-stand lifts a laptop ( between ground and bottom of laptop ) , at both the back and the front ?
can i request the numbers in my packs ?
where manufactured ?
we bought this in july but have not been able to use . i was told missing battery . do i need to buy separately ?
does it come with cd to program computer ?
is it difficult to set up with a mac book pro
is this printer wireless ?
what are the measurements of this machine ?
can you give me the height from floor to top of arm rests ( to slide under conf . table ) ?
how far back does it tilt -- can you nap in it ?
if i use these pens for security to mark my valuables , ( for example cell phones etc.. ) , does it void the trade-in or resale after contract is up ?
how much does an individual lock weigh ?
what size computer case does the little shelf fit ?
what are the dimensions of the pad on this refill ?
does it comes with any keys to manually open the register ?
i ordered these for my hp envy 5530 as well and they are not recognized . if they are compatible , is there something i need to do to the printer ?
so two people say no wheels & two people say yes wheels - so are wheels & casters considered different ? does it have casters ?
what size are the ink refill bottles ?
is this for legal sized or letter sized folders ?
is this legal or letter size ?
is the actual product package the same as shown in the picture ?
what is the size of the lip ?
which is your thichest & sturdiest mat ?
are the wrist rests removable ?
what size paper fits in this notebook ?
is this file cabinet metal or wood ?
is the true width on this thing actually 19.9 '' ?
are the pastel colors opaque enough to show up on dark fabric ?
how many pages a battery can scan
my work keyboard is flat on the desk . its much too low . i need the keyboard to elevate at the very least 4 inches higher , can this adjust 4 in up ?
does anyone know if this product will work for a left-handed child ?
is it completely cordless
weight capacity
i may need to scan larger pieces of artwork than 11x17 in sections , so can you scan with the lid open ?
how do i change the font size ?
is this scanner twain complient ?
do i have to break the vacuum seal before installing ?
i keep seeing pictures and videos of this . if you install in epson artisan 1430 do you have to print with the top of the printer open ?
when i put in my cart it says 23.17 plus 12.22 shipping ?
why ?
is this oem ?
does this register have the option to turn the receipt printer on off ?
what is the warm up time for this postal scale ?
does the printer force you to print in rgb mode or can you print in cmyk mode ?
is it easy to turn pages ?
is this cardboard - will it bend easily .
does this binder have a vinyl pocket on the cover or spine for inserting a cover sheet ?
can i stand on it ?
can this board be easily mounted to cubicle walls ? if so , what hardware is required to mount ?
how long can this unit run before stopping or shutting down ?
how does it work ? do i need to connect it to a computer ?
can not get scanner to work with windows 7 home premium -- -- does it work with windows 7 ?
how the strip edges looks like its soft or rough , because i want to use it for my quilling paper
does scanner needs to be plugged into electricity in order to scan ? if not how long does batteries run ?
is this printer suitable for printing magazine proofs ?
is this compatable with j835dw ?
can you verbally ask it how to spell a word and then it gives you options ? or does it just talk to you when you find the word you want ?
i want only to copy old negatives . what size negatives does it take ? all sizes ? how does it work with negatives ?
what are the expiration dates on these ?
is there a way to put the settings to print with only black ink ?
is the caller id display backlit ? can it be read in the dark ?
loud and clear enough ? satisfied with purchase ? if not , is there one you can recommend ?
will this paper fit in a smaller 3-ring binder ?
can this phone operate on batteries only , without using a power cord ?
how many inches apart are the eye hooks - my cedar sign is 22 '' wide and the eye hooks are 12 '' apart
i just need a toner cartridge for my hp 1102w and this came up . well whats the deal ?
are the pens all the same size ? or is it a range of sizes ?
is this good for a 15.6 inch laptop ?
i have two black cartridges , one thick and one thin . is this the thin one ?
is it true that this mousepad start fading or changing textures after few weeks , i would love to buy it but durability is important
can someone tell me the width and depth of the flat surface on top , ( width not including the curved lip ) ?
how is the magnetic quality ?
how many lb 's is this paper ?
do the tips break easily ? and is the graphite centered in the shaft of the pencil ?
if i have an already printed poster that i need to cut a part off of , is this the right product to use ?
is there any warranty on this phone ?
does it fax
what is the mil of this product , 2.0 ?
can you turn off the talking caller id ?
will this cord fit hp 5530
can you find sin , cos , and tan ?
what is its advantage since i still have to pay at & t for hsinternet and basic landline usage ?
220 volts does anyone knows if this phone has 220volts or only 110v ? i plan to use it abroad us where we have 220 volts .
is this hearing aid cimpatible
does this foot rest have non-slip ( like rubber ) floor protection on bottom of folding side panels ?
can the clear plastic hold multiple cards ?
is it at all possible for wall mounting ? i do not think so but want to check with someone who knows for sure .
will this cordless phone work with the cl82301 model ?
is this compatible with the cs6219 base ?
good , this telephone works without electrical energy , that is to say if the light goes away and the telephones have battery work ?
can you talk on one phone and listen from another phone in a different area of the house , at the same time ?
does th ls6425 handset come with the holder as pictured ?
is this pencil comfortable to write with for extended period of time ( 4-6hr of note taking ) ?
would this cover fit my hp officejet pro 8625 ?
are the toner cartridges that come with the printer able to be refilled and used long term or do i have to buy an initial set of cartridges ?
what is the ink color ?
can it be an extension phone ? i got 3 lines in the house , same number but want to put this in our living room . can it ?
is the phone hard wired from the unit to the jack ?
how many pagers with this system . pretty vag info
how do i get rid of `` toner life end '' message
how sturdy is the plastic ?
can you adjust the height of either of the shelves ? can you adjust the degree of slant on the podium ?
hi ! is there a particular size of easel paper that works best with this product ?
1.are extra keys available ? 2 . any suggestions for storing photos in this safe ?
i am having trouble deciding if it is best to get the vented or fan table . any advice ?
is it battery operated or is there a cord that plugs into the wall ?
is there a slot on the inside along the side so that a normal notebook instead of a notepad could be used with this ?
what are the four colors ? only 3 show .
would this work with a samsung galaxy mega 6.3 ?
what sizes are the ink cartridges ?
can someone tell me the parts number for the ac power adapter for this model ( 9vdc ) ?
can it scan in color ?
does this product come with a power base ?
which side is the margin on ?
does this come with all required mounting hardware to fit to an existing workfit-s ?
why ?
what type of batteries does this phone take ?
is ths pointer wirelles ?
is there a document feeder for copying ?
mac compatible ?
will they fit pilot dr. grip 0.5 pencil ?
is this made of steel or plastic ?
what are the dimensions ?
if color ink cartridge is low will black still print ?
to install is there a direct connection to the router , or can i print from usb port using a wireless laptop ?
what is the print yield for these ? cartridges
how do you fold these ?
what are the demensions of basket . the product description indicates 17 by 16. is that true or is it smaller ?
is there a mac printer driver for this ?
does it have auto turn off feature ?
how do you scan 4x6 photos without them coming out all goofy looking . is there a trick to using it over smaller items ?
so which is it ? 20 lbs or 3 lbs ? 500 sheets or 2500 sheets ?
how do wrinkled receipts do in scanner ?
venezuelan airplane account ?
what is continuous run time ?
does the ink dry out fast ? and does it smudge ?
does this work for posting documents onto a classroom board ?
is the color of the lead black ? or darker than a regular pencil ?
do the hand sets have speaker phone option ?
is this an actual signacade brand product ?
can you print sheets from the computer ?
will this drx100 range extender work with my d1780-3 uniden cordless phone system ?
how do u hook it on
i have a surface pro , is there room on the sides to use a mouse ( if the device is moved to one side ) ?
will it scan 12 '' x12 '' photo album pages ?
how do you change the footpedals to left for reweind , right for fast forward ?
i have read that the 431 has some win8 compatability issues , have you experienced that and if so how did you fix the problem so 431 works w win8
does it have an ethernet socket -- that is , can you plug it into your lan as well as connecting via wireless ?
will this work with windows 7 or just xp ?
do these phones have call blocking ?
how tall of stack of paper can it cut cleanly ?
how easy would it be to add a wireless headset to this ?
where does one dispose of used cartridge ?
is it a mobile phone ?
is the thor hammer key chain exactly as you show ?
does this phone tell you audibly what number you have pushed when dialing ?
compatible with hp 3050 j610 ?
how many pages does one cartridge print ?
how far does the chair tilt back if you loosen the back ?
does this include the letter and mailing tube attachment accessories ?
how much ink is used ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
does it need oil ?
can you tell me how tall this is ( including the handle ) ? and what diameter the cups are ?
can i use this laser pointer also for flash applications ? i need it for a game ( bundesratspiel ) . any help is much appreciated !
what is the count for $ 17.84 ?
what is the range on the phones ? how far can the handsets be from the base ?
my printer can not recognize the black ink which seems to be defective . color one is fine . could you please send me new black ink ?
does this pen work with standard international converters ?
is it possible to remove this from the frame and use it without the frame ? how big is the chalkboard without the frame ?
will the machine perform per factory spec 's using an extension cord ?
what are the specifications for ordering replacement tags in a variety of lengths ?
what are the dimensions for this ? some buyers noted the description is wrong ?
it says black then dark brown in another spot what color is it
is this drum unit compatible to tn-450 mfc brother printer ?
i have my own ink but i dont know how to use it with this pen . please tell me how to fill it with ink ?
i want to give this to my 12 year old granddaughter ; will this be a good choice ?
what color is the padding underneath ?
does it weigh tenths of a gram ?
good afternoon a question this printer requires original cartridges for initial configuration of the device ?
will these fit in a mens wallet
are the lights adjustable ?
has anyone used this for a small dog on a cargo bicycle ?
does anyone know the voltage ? is it bivolt ? 120 240 ?
dear seller , does this toner fits hl-2280dw ? could i add your product to the starter cartridge ? this printer officially use tn450 cartridge ?
does this work with the mf4770n for sure ? 100 % does anyone use it with that model ?
can you print anything on the stub portion of the ticket ?
can i buy refillable paper ?
do you get the ornate wooden box that is displayed in the photos with this pen ?
sol corp ( non eom ) 4 pack refill kit how many grams per bottle , 100grams per bottle or 100grams for 4 bottles
i have a taxi business , can i power this from the cigarette lighter ? is there an adapter for that ?
how is this mounted ?
how thick is the cork ? do things stick in and stay in place easily ?
this book is for 2014 ?
how different is the rotring rapid pro vs. the rotring 800 ?
are these cartridges remanufactured or oem ?
the screen is so faint , off and on ca n't be read . any suggestions ?
will this fit a 48 '' by 96 '' poster ?
will these stick to wooden surfaces ?
will this work with the hp deskjet 2544 ?
does this resetter have a built in battery , or is a cable required ?
can it print from a kindle fire ?
how many cordless handsets are included ?
does the bag have 6 and a half inch of depth when opening ? i wanted enough room for my big phone slim yet a little under 6 inches long.will this fit ?
can not get this to accept an ip address , either dhcp or static ? unable to get help from panasonic . how do you reset it ?
can it be used as a regular phone ?
if performing a ceremony will this journal stay open if held in one hand ?
will the blade automatically stay up as you try to align paper or do you have to continuously hold the blade while also trying to align your paper ?
how do you refil it ? is it a cartredge or draw to fill type ?
what is the size of the flatbed screen ?
what is the serial number ?
will this scale for weigh puppies down to 1 oz or 2 oz accurately . the platform is large enough , but how well are `` light '' item weighed ?
does it tell you how much postage to use
are 950 and 951 interchangable ?
fits the 8600 model ?
work on 8620 ?
can i use this in the ojpro8100 ?
product says starter cartridge toner refill kit , does it come with reset gear assembly ?
does the phone annouces the names clearly - you can understand what is being said ?
i want to create names for a wooden coat rack but i want them to be removable down the line . would this product be suitable ?
does it come with cbs logo ?
can this sharpener do a `` partial '' sharpen a la the dahle d155 , or must it sharpen to a point every time ?
why does the front metal part come out when i press the black knobs to hold the pencil in place ?
is there a portable handset available to go with the 425 ?
is this phone a landline phone
how do i get the chalk to come off ?
i really need this in white to match my kitchen , is it a paintable surface ?
how quick does it save files , and how long does it take before you can scan another page ?
how far under the desk does the attachment piece need to go ?
what pouches come with the machine ?
does it come with toner ?
what is the height dimension for the upper part of the cabinet ( above the trashcan ) ?
is this right ?
is it ? or is n't it ?
will this headset work with a mobile phone ?
what is the model number of a compatible extra handset with charging cradle ?
does it have a light that flashes when there are new messages ?
does the tray fold in ?
can these be printed on a laser printer ?
will this work with the epson xp 600 ?
can a document be more than 1 page ?
what size is the calendar
can this printer print custom size papers ? can it print on a light card stock ?
what kind of ink does it use
is this label compatible with gc420t
do these markers wash out of clothing ?
will the ink wash out after being printed on ?
how is it on ink ?
is this handset compatable with the gigaset s675 ip ?
i have this printer and when i print picture 's from my acer laptop the colors is always off . what i can do to get the colors the same on both devices ?
is it possible to scan 120 negatives with this device ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
does it hold 96 cards when you place 1 card in each slot or 2 cards ? can you double the amount to 192 cards by placing 2 cards in each slot ?
do the `` cards '' open up or are they flat one-sided cards ?
how is the military clutch back attached ? are the pins welded on or is the pin part just stuck on ?
color printing quality
is there any way to make this compatible with a mac ?
i do n't understand how you print these things-i do n't have the specific label in my printer 's options .
another removal question - has anyone tried removing from plastic beer bottles ? would like to resuse the beer bottles if possible . thx !
mouse use : will padded pebble-grained side panel edge ( from grey to red ) interfere with mouse moving in that area ?
does this scan color ?
i have tried everything to get this unit to scan to others computer . and can not get the streaks off of copies even after i have done all the cleanup methods . anyone had this problem ?
how do i set up the wifi ?
what is the weight capacity ?
how can i print out photos on this printer using glossy photo paper ?
i dont know if i 'm missing something .i 'd like to be able to plug a phone ( system ) into my home router and make receive phone calls . will this product do that ?
does the printer print only one line of text , or can you have multiple lines of text ?
does the feeder come off for packing in your suitcase ?
will not print black , is it from the printhead ?
does this work with a mac ?
power light is on , led remains off , access door open print head remains parked . kodak service code : pa02 . kodak ca n't help . any suggestions ?
is this printer compatible with a mac
where can i get a power cord for this machine
do i need ethernet cable to hook this up wirelessly ?
does this printer do double sided printing and copying ?
can it print dvd 's & cd 's ?
what supports the drawers underneath each one ? looks as though there is nothing under them , & not attached to anything , like baskets u pull in & out ?
does this check have a place that prints the vendors address so you can put the check in a window envelope ?
do i have to have a landline or can i just use this phone for skype ( wihtout any landline ) ?
how do i refill this pen with ink cartridges ?
can i get an instruction manual ? i have no idea how to fill it !
can i use this to repair paper lantern ?
will this work in lexmark p205 printer
what are the dimensions ?
is this mfc easily compatible with mac ... how hard is it to print envelopes ; do you have to disassemble the whole machine to do so ?
what is the color combo ?
how old is this model and or when did it come out
our fridge is kind of rounded , is this board flexible ?
can high yield cartridges be made with this kit ? if so , does it require an hp 61xl cartridge ?
what color is the ink ?
can i scan multiple pages as a single pdf file and be sent to my email ?
how big is it , why nobody talk about cd268 's size .
will this work with canon mf4770n ... i recall the firmware not allowing a non-canon official cartridge ?
hp envy e all-in-one printer recommended ink cartridge regular vs xl ?
costco recently began offering refills for this printer , and provides how to instructions . has anybody tried that with this printer ?
how do i print envelopes ?
how is this model different than the other 8600 ?
does the top swivel ?
takes effort to remove cap off mine . sometimes i need one hand and two fingers of the other to remove the cap . anyone else have the same problem ?
has anyone tried scanning insurance cards or drivers licenses on this scanner ?
does this printer have a document feeder ?
is this product packaged in the original box ?
how far far from the base can you be & still use phone ? do you need a phone jack for the second phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
what size page can the wolverine pass200 scan
lip how wide is the lip been looking for a product with only 24 inch lip i havent seen one yet ?
brother mfc-j430w vs epson expression home xp-410 which best ?
does this include all nine cartridges ?
what ink cartridge does it use ?
i do n't know anything about gb 's and rams , just want a printer that is n't wireless , or that i can at least hook up to my pc . can i do that ?
the scanner keeps scanning how do i disable the automatic scanning . i would like to only have it scan when trigger is pulled manual ' code did n't help ?
is this printer support windows 7 ?
is it a pull out basket ?
has anyone else had problems with this not printing straight ?
does this printer have 2 paper trays such that i can always have two different papers loaded in separate trays and chose which one to print from ?
can you draw on these ? would sharpies work ?
want to know where to install the cartridge into the printer
does this printer have an auto feed for scanning and will it work with windows 8 ?
does a usb cable come in the box ?
what size of adhesive labels do i need to purchase ?
would this work for a chair or sofa use ?
what size is it . i have a fairly limited space ?
can i mount apple
are these color cartridges the same ones ( in box ) that you would purchase from office depot , staples , office max , etc ?
will this printer use 200xl cartridges
is this a wireless printer ?
what is the page count on the printer ? does printer come with toner included ?
does it come with a duplexer ?
my canon uses the 240xl just fine , will the 240xxl fit my printer too ? canon pixma mg3200
would this work on the mg3122 series ?
100 xl drifrent from plain 100 ?
we have two stores one across street from the other can system handle both locations ?
does it print double-sided ?
will this cartidge work in an mx340 printer ?
is this time clock suitable for 100+ employees
is product work with window 8.1 ?
does it have a headset jack ?
what are the measurements of this item ?
what is the input voltage 110v or 220v ?
are these cart 's chip already reset ? or will i have to do it when they arive ?
could this be mounted upside down on a shelf that is behind and above the desk ?
do these phones have headset jack capability ?
what else i´ll need for my own voip home system ?
how fast does the envelope printer print ? is it dependent on the printer model it 's plugged into ? what subset of the printer speed would it be then ?
are blade replacements needed ? if so , whats the cost & is it a do-it-yourselfer ?
what is the chip that 's included ? what do you do with it ?
does it come with any toner ?
what are the sizes of the drawers ?
how fast is the scan speed ? such as , 300dpi color , 10 single side pages from the document feeder , to usb stick ?
my current plan book has 20 boxes per page , which allows me 40 boxes per week with both sides . how many does this planner have ?
does this box have plastic strap hinges ?
i just received my tn 450 and installed it today . it prints great , but i still get a toner low message on my hl-2280dw . what is the solution ?
can this item be configured to use sip protocol to connect to a service such as voipcheap ?
does this work with quickbooks online ?
can this be mounted vertically ?
what happens when you run out of room on the ledger ? is there a way to put a new one on top of it or do you need a brand new envelope each time ?
does this come with a needle ? there 's none pictured
how can i store the inventory or bar code before selling ?
i only want to count paper coupons that i use in my business . the coupons are about 75 % the size of a dollar bill . can do ?
printer 9125 cn : is this a lazer printer ? how many cartridges ? how much each ?
the scanner is leaving streaks across the page when scanning ... printing documents works fine ... anyone have this problem and have a solution ?
is this compatible for epson c-120 ?
is the tip made the same as a regular sharpie ?
do i have to print 3 checks at a time to have whole page go through printer ? or if i print on 2 checks can i later send just 1 check through printer ?
are the sheets clear , or lined as shown ?
do these have rounded corners ? kathy
i want to order this for a church . can you print the church name instead of a last name ?
what are the dimensions ? ( especially height )
does this include the drum , toner and auto feeder ?
does this paper have a sticky back like the 2x3 paper ?
can i use a converter in this pen ? which one ?
i too have never heard of these , & like one reviewer i love writing instruments . is the long point sharpener a must ?
could you flip it sideways to use it as a 40wide by 29high board and still use the stand ?
can one learn spanish with this gizmo ?
how many ml are thes syringes ?
will it be possible to remove the fan if we choose to ?
are they compatible with parker ballpoint pen , refillable , medium point ( par1333211 ) ?
is it possible to buy just the top of the shredder which is the part that is broken
does it have an expiry date ?
can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ? like these : http : www.amazon.com pendaflex-reinforced-hanging-folders-4158 dp b0 can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ? like these : http : www.amazon.com pendaflex-rein ... » read more can this be adjusted to hold hanging 11x17 folders ? will they fit ?
we got this item . it drops numbers . so , 12345 might scan as 1235 . 10 scans in a row ( of the same barcode ) might yield one complete scan . ideas ?
ca n't get it to scan or beep . what do i need to do ?
are the cartridges easy to put in in the 8100 printer ?
how many copies will this cartridge make ?
is the hp officejet 6700 premium color photo printer still being made ?
i want a reliable machine ... which is better the fi-6130z or the fi-7160 ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
how do you get the scanner to work on this printer ?
how do i get the printing on the reciepts smaller tried everything changed the fonts it seems set !
is it true you can use this for watercolor painting ?
i dont have my directions . is there a resource that i can go to or view to attain the set up instructions for the remote control clicker .
can i use this tray instead of the tray that comes with the printer ?
how heavy is the board ?
will the scanner functions still work if the printer ink runs out ?
will these work on zebra lp-2844 ?
are these phones compatible with comcast sevice
the product description says 100ml of each color . all product photos clearly show 60ml containers . what is the truth ?
at the lowest setting , how tall are the top of the arms from the floor ?
will this printer work with windows 8 os ?
does13 3 4 '' l means the front size or side size ?
are there adjustable shelves inside the cabinet ?
how much does it weight ?
is this catridge black ink only >
does this monitor arm work with a 27 '' imac ?
will this fit a large bible ?
does this print 2-sided ?
will this work with a mac ? i pad , i phone or ipod ?
can you turn wireless off if you do n't want to use it ?
can you print 11 x 17 pages ?
is this printer good to use for phone case sublimation ?
how do i change paper trays
have a streak line along the page when using adf scanning . what is sds administrator id and password ?
is this pencil oriented to more drawing or writing ?
is there a bookcase that matches this desk ?
does this print 11x17 double sided ?
i am confused about what goes where after parents information , where do i place maternal , fraternal grandparents , etc.
what is the paper to be inserted need ?
does this work with android ?
can i use this tray with f2dsuper ?
do 110 negatives work in these trays ?
do i have to have plug in or can it be used with batteries only ?
what is the tip point ? bold or medium ?
does this print also
does the 90p0100 use toner ( powder ) cartriges or ink ( liquid ) cartriges ?
i 've had this for a couple years . i still can not figure out how to scan multiple pages and save as one document . can anyone enlighten me ?
is this printer capable of duplex scanning copying from the automatic document feeder ?
how tall does this thing get . different chairs have different heights . how high up does the actual seat get ?
does this have built in correction tape ?
can the base be wall mounted ?
is this phone static free and clear to hear ?
is this blue tooth compatable ?
does it have intercom
is it twain compatible ?
how well does it scan photos and art ?
can i use worldcard software that obviously coming with the scanner to link 2 additional fields to each contact ? 2 additional columns ?
does this product have sound ?
i am returnng the last shipment as the books were too small . do you have the 5-1 2 x 8-1 2 ? if so , how much more ?
can you weight an envelope without using the flip up lid ?
will it cut laminate ? business cards that have been laminated ?
will this work for a first data fd400 ?
how do you mount the monitor to the stand ?
can this be mounted on the rear corner of a desk ?
will this printer print both sides of the paper
when ordering name plates , is the holder included or seperate ?
do these fit all the office chairs and if not , can they be returned ?
what do you need in addition to the scanner to use it ?
will this fit 2 22 '' monitors slanted in diagonally..i read the speaker stands rotate ?
we are making wedding invitations and they are double-sided with color . will this paper work so we can print them from our home printer ?
size of the basket ?
what size usb connector is needed at the printer end ?
are these suitable for ag-7 space pen ?
does this phone have a speakerphone ?
how many handsets can you buy seperate for this phone - d3097
is it compatible with my ge model 27881ge2-a phone ?
would you recommend this phone for someone who is hard-of-hearing ?
can you mute or turn off the ringer ?
will this phone work with cable phone service ?
what is the actual size ?
will this stand work with a 23.6 '' monitor like asus vn247h-p 23.6 '' full hd 1920x1080 1ms hdmi vga back-lit led monitor
when you close this , do you have the option to leave it unlocked or do you always have to have the key and always have to lock it , and unlock it ?
type of ink used ?
can anyone tell me that the seat will , in your opinion , hold a 275 pound man ?
with google voice , can you just pick up the phone and make the call ?
is the toner that comes with the printer a full toner , or a short fill ?
does this hp , fax by phone line ? does this model come in wireless ?
how is the hplj pro 400 m401n for printing envelopes ?
can you give a few more measurements ? surface area of each step ? and the height of each step from ground level ?
are the wheels hollow hard plastic or solid rubber or some other material ?
i just received the new retina imac 27 `` with vesa mount , total weight about 21 pounds , so think this stand would be very compatible ?
how well does this mouse work in spreadsheets ? i need to get my hands off the desk at work . will this work ?
why do i need a projector
are these badges reusable ? can you easily change out one name with another name ?
what is its size ?
how well doewsit work with mac computers ?
just received . is there a tutorial to put them together ?
is the screen backlit ?
is the lumbar support height adjustable ?
do the refill toner cartridges have a chip that require an oem cartridge to work properly ? or will any `` compatible '' cartridge work ?
how can i help my cartridges last longer ?
i use carriers with my current smith corona laminator which is worn out after 32 years of teaching . thinking abouut this model to get through to retirement.. does this use a carrier cover ? it adds thickness but protects fron glue ruining the rollers . i use carriers with my current smith corona laminator which is worn out after 32 years of teaching . thinking abouut this model to get through to retirement.. does this use a carrier cover ? it adds ... » read more i use carriers with my current smith corona laminator which is worn out after 32 years of teaching . thinking abouut this model to get through to retirement.. does this use a carrier cover ? it adds thickness but protects fron glue ruining the rollers . « show less
are there any receipt printers this unit is not compatible with ? one of the feed back posts mention not being compatible w their epson printer ?
has anyone tried to refill these cartridges ?
not sure what this is ? do you put extra cartridges in here ?
is it wall mountable
how thick is the pen ? i own a lamy fountain pen , i 'm curious how wide the circumference is for this pen without the cap .
ok , so i 'm a total ignoramus ! read the instructions but still do n't know how to install ink cartridges ( no diagram ) ; do n't know terminology ? help !
there 's shrink wrap on the board , is there an easy way to remove all of it ?
how easily do these bend ?
compatible with dect 6.0 phone in a dect1580 base ?
can you use more than one extension at a time , or do you have to transfer the call between units ?
does this work as a blutooth connection ?
dear sir , is this compatible with with my rca 25425 and 25424 ?
is the ms2015 the same as the at & t 1070
do the handsets and base support silent mode or no ring that 's easy to set ?
anyone using this with a voip system ?
does this have a beep to alert you that there are messages waiting ?
does this phone have a connector for headsets ? if so , what type
does this phone pair with my bluetooth headset at the same time my cell phone is paired on it ?
what is included in the box ?
if i buy and plug in this phone , how do i select which number area code for it ?
can you turn the speaking from the device off ?
are they plastic or paper ?
is the printing speed affected when loading from this tray ?
will this sign turn on and off using a switched outlet or does it require the remote to operate ?
will this printer also printe legal size paper
-what is the thickness of this material ?
with this phone i do n't need a pc ? i can use the phone wireless with a direct connection skype ?
do i need to download sawgrass power drive on this printer if using for sublimation ?
will this cylinder work with a vecta chair that has a 3 4 inch cylinder diameter ?
will it support a 42 in lcd tv
is the ink included ?
what is the diameter of the stem hole in the wheel ?
is this compatible with mac ?
is it necessary to purchase trays for slides & negatives or are they included ?
will this work with a digital line ?
i am looking for a scanner that can scan credit card receipts , cash register , business cards , etc.. mainly small items . what is best for this type of
will anybody please let me know the weight of 1 box x 1000 units ?
it says here that it wo n't work with the mfc8710dw . is this a mistake ?
does it work with 220 v ?
does anyone know what temperature this can get to ?
can you use other brands of lamination with this machine ? specifically ones that use a carrier ?
do they have handles cut out ?
will this work witha new macbook air ?
are the corners perforated , to tear off after each week ?
is it possible to use the landline and voip at the `` same time '' ? for example.. i make a call using the landline. , then hang up and call using voip ?
how big is the back zipper pocket ?
what is the measurement between the shelves ?
printer not printing
augghhh ! i did n't get the quick start manual with the tray , it 's sitting there all pretty under the printer , but no go . any suggestions ?
is this a quiet and fast printer ?
can we put an earphone to use @ work ?
what is the size ?
is this printer an efax friendly printer or does it require a telephone jack to connect to ?
is it easy to clean example under child eating table ?
can you print from the iphone 5 & ipad ? i need a printer for a party w 50 teens with a 'photo booth ' area set up . is this my best option ?
i have old family slides that measure 2.5x2.5 . will this unit scan them to a file i can print from ?
can it be fed a film strip ?
when i originally ordered the tn870 online and i put the printer information and it said it was compatiable now i try it and doesnt ?
can you use this to label freezer packages and have it not fall off ?
the document feeder ( multifeeder ) does not select one page at the time ( it feeds the whole stack at once ) . what could i be doing wrong ?
would you say these pockets are capable of holding a good amount of paper , just a few sheets ? or a small stack ?
will it work with windows 8.1 ?
the lowest height
does this unit cover nec 2011 ?
does it wall mount ?
how to remove clear plastic covering
what size is the 3 ring binder ? 1 or 1.5 inch ?
has anyone get this to work with lbp6000 ?
do legs lock into place ?
what size of pictures does it print ?
would this desk fit for a 24 inch monitor ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
the wifi scanner works with the phone ?
i do not have a land line phone . i want to substitute the cell phone for the land line . will this device work and with what obi device
is this scanner windows 8 compatible ?
is this for top tear checks , or side tear checks ?
what is the overall size and does it have alphabet tabs ?
will these work for the canon mg5420 ?
does the adf scan fax duplex automatically ?
can someone tell me what length the binding takes up passed the edge of the paper .
does the unit need to be plugged into a computer or can it be plugged straight into the network hub ?
can you copy legal sized documents by feeding through the auto feeder since the bed only takes 8.5 x 11 ?
does this fax machine have incoming call auto detect i.e . sharing one line for voice and fax and automatically detect a fax vs. voice call ?
is this printer compatible with a mac version 10.6.8 ?
can we get a demo video to show me this exact item please ?
is it 220 110 volt ?
what is the melting point ?
is this compatible with lexmark printer : interpret s405 ?
is it sturdy enough to use as a dinner and drink tray ?
is this ink pigment based or dye based ?
what is the scanner quality ?
is this printer appropriate for copying watercolor art ?
does this printer use a lot of ink ?
what is the actual size of the t-11 russian english electronic translator ? also , does this translator translate without talking ?
how does its scientific calculator work ?
is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them . these type of electronic dictionaries try to do too much is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them . these type of electronic ... » read more is the typying clear and defined . e , i . does it type what you put in and not miss certain letters . how durable is this item . who are trano , i have never heard of them .
is it fairly small ?
does this shredder have a pull out drawer or do i have to pull up the top ?
are the keys rubber or smooth material ?
will this work in mexico using sim card from telcel company ? or any other sim card ?
is this model the same as the 7520 wireless photo printer with scanner , copier and fax ?
we need to get a prompt to enter our invoice numbers does anyone know how to program the unit to do so ?
how far away from the wall does this printer need to be ?
can this print office documents ?
how well does the adf ( automatic document feeder ) work ?
will these work with mcf-j4700w ?
when to buy ink for mfc-j870dw when new machine
are these catridges compatible with brother printer mfcj870dw ?
i have the brother mfc-j450dw and it says it takes lc101 and lc103-will it take the super high yield lc107 ? if anyone 's used this this size with 450 ?
is the original hp warranty valid ?
can this sign be seen through a window ?
does the cash register need to be hooked up to anything ?
how many alarms does it have ? can you program it to go off at two different times or is there only one alarm ?
can the images be blown up to 24 '' x 36 '' with good resolution ?
what is the max height this unit can be set at ?
what refills do i order for this pen ?
can someone who owns this printer tell me if it prints good quality graphics ? not photos , but graphics for example cartoon characters ?
does the hp designjet t120 support autocad files ?
what are the dimensions ? is it the size of a normal clipboard , or is it pocket size ?
i purchased this recently and there are only two note pages at the beginning of the planner not any during the months , is this a misprint ?
is it pocket size ? will it fit in jeans pockets ?
does it have place on both ends for drivers license ?
what are the dimensions of the seat ?
how wide is the cabinet
is it compatible with mac os ?
how large are the letters ?
does it have a working bulb in it ?
i am looking for a stand that would be good for reading the newspaper while eating dinner at our dining room table . would this work ?
i have a ml-2165w xac . will this cartridge work ?
can you dock an ipad or ipad mini and print photos ?
there are no directions with this . how do i use this thing ?
does it come with something on the ends to make it easier to roll out ?
this is the standard cq893ab1k as detailed on the hp website ? ( 1gb ram , etc. ? )
does this calculator show remainders when doing division ( and not just the decimals ) ?
how many watts of power does this laminator use ?
plastic bags ( or paper ) in the bin would facilitate clean up and disposal . what fits in the bin and works best ?
can it shred unopened junk mail ?
what is the book size ? how many entries can you put on each page
hello there . would this work for a e710n printer ? many
how tall ?
can it be used to play , pause , and control volume of audio or video clips inserted in a keynote slide ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
is this for epson xp 860
will it scan multiple pages to one pdf file ?
my tray 2 will not print on 8.5 x 11 ( letter size ) photo paper , it keeps spitting it out and says i need to add paper in tray 2. after being on phone for 3 hours with customer support 3rd agent i spoke to said tray 2 is only meant for plan paper ... is this true ? my tray 2 will not print on 8.5 x 11 ( letter size ) photo paper , it keeps spitting it out and says i need to add paper in tray 2. after being on phone for 3 hours with customer support 3rd agent i ... » read more my tray 2 will not print on 8.5 x 11 ( letter size ) photo paper , it keeps spitting it out and says i need to add paper in tray 2. after being on phone for 3 hours with customer support 3rd agent i spoke to said tray 2 is only meant for plan paper ... is this true ? « show less
does this `` zig-zag '' design have a fine nib version ?
is the toner seal easy to spot i ca n't seem to find one
does this work with the brother mfc-8910dw ?
how long is your refill ? why do n't any refill mfrs provide this information ?
is the wireless feature built in or is it just network ready ?
any suggestion on how much weight the pegs hold ?
what window program is this compatible with ?
can this printer handle card stock ?
if i have a screen in the center that has a width of 16.5 inches will that then allow me to mount on each side screens with a width of 22.2 inches ?
does the lexmark ms310dn mono laser printer work with windows 8 ?
this printer has a phone too ?
what comes in the box ?
can the flash memory cards be used to convert to dvd ?
is this compatible with lexmark x7300 series
my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is active ( i guess ) . my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is ... » read more my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is active ( i guess ) . « show less
are tere alphabetical tabs ?
will it work with a clx 3170 printer and has the chip been hagd so that the printer recognises the cartridge and accepts it .
does this type of paper work for aloha pos system ?
can you successfully print on this paper using an inkjet or laser printer ?
does it come with all 4 color cartidges in the box ?
does each phone have it 's own speaker ?
is this ink with chip at the bottom or you need a chip frame
do these come with arc chips ?
does this phone work with 220 votes in asia or it would require power converter ?
are these waterproof ?
is this pretty stable to use to study things in bed when sitting up ?
will it tahe a scand disk card , will it do photos
this is n't a true laser printer right ? so do i need laser paper or just standard printer paper ?
does this come with a power adapter ?
how do i personalize this
is the labels are self adhesive
i 'm looking to use this printer for print-and-cut with my die cut machine ( crafting ) . has anyone used a heavier weight cardstock with this printer ?
can you use rechargeables in this sharpener ?
how many copies does a toner cartridge make ?
is this 7 1 2 in tall and 12 in wide
this package contains : 2 replacement toner cartridge & drum to replace brother dr400 tn460 toner cartridges & drum ( 1 toner , 1 drum ) . which is it
is this plotter software mac compatible ?
i print coupon . how many pages should i be able to print per cartridge ?
is this system compatible with at & t u-verse phone ( voip ) ?
i do n't believe this printer actually has wireless capabilities as the title indicates . please confirm .
do you have to install all the ink cartridges for the printer to work , are you able to install just the black ink cartridge if that 's all you are using at the time ? i had a kodak ink jet which required the all the ink cartridges to be installed to work . 2. is that printer able to use compatible ink or have they rigged it to only run on hp produced ink only ? do you have to install all the ink cartridges for the printer to work , are you able to install just the black ink cartridge if that 's all you are using at the time ? i had a kodak ink jet which ... » read more do you have to install all the ink cartridges for the printer to work , are you able to install just the black ink cartridge if that 's all you are using at the time ? i had a kodak ink jet which required the all the ink cartridges to be installed to work . 2. is that printer able to use compatible ink or have they rigged it to only run on hp produced ink only ? « show less
can this mfp feed scan old-school traditional photos ? e.g . a stack of 5x7 's developed and printed on real kodac photo paper ?
does it come with ink cartridges ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
i have one of the new hp all in one computers , will this printer be campatible with the computer . i
can you print from ipads ans iphones with this printer ( hp 3056a ) ?
will this terminal accept the remote pin pad from my verifone vx510
what kind of batteries does this use and how many ?
is it wireless can i print from my ipad
does it come with wireless capability included , or do you have to buy an additional adapter ?
how difficult was the c1765nf mfp color laser printer to set up ? how expensive is this to operate ? do you need a land line to operate the fax ?
how easy is it to print on printable cd dvds with this printer ?
does this printer have a straight feed that works with card stock materials ?
what are the optimal settings you 've found for scanning in photo prints ? need to archive 100s of 4x6 family photos . which software ? 300dpi ? tiff ?
what kind of buffalo leather , american indian , asian , or african ?
i have a canon pixma mx922 printer . this will for sure fit in the tank ?
how many photo sheets do you print approximately with all new cartridges ?
what are the dimensions of the base ( the part that sits flat on the table ) ?
what have you found that works best to the mat keep it clean and protect it against showing oils from your hands and arms ?
i purchased one of these barcode scanners and it came with no instructions as to how to set it up .
can this register run on batteries instead of plugging in if necessary ?
what material is the surface ?
is this product oem made by hp
how long after purchasing is the motor still working ? and the mechanism still sharpening ?
is this archival quality ink ?
i was wondering if the little plastic covering the nozzle hole has to be removed before installing ?
does this come with the legs ?
for a portable scanner , is one better to not have a flatbed model because of the possiblity of damage from movement ?
are hanging hardware & chain included ?
the product include a chip ?
does it work for ipad 4 ?
how big are the receivers , will one fit in a man 's wallet without making it bulky ?
are the rings rivetted or screw on ?
is the clipboard side of the folder hard like a regular clipboard or does it just have the clip attached at the top with no board so it 's flexible ?
can the counterfeit detector be turned off to count other non us currency ?
does this fit my canon mx922 ?
what is the per copy cost ( both black & white and color ) ?
do i need an internet connection to use this printer ?
can i connect a cordless phone base to it and use the satellite cordless phones ?
can i use regular aa battery , instead of rechargeable battery ?
is it unlocked and can it be used internationally ?
instructions how to use tagging gun
does this work with wifi or bluetooth ? which one is better wifi or bluetooth ?
how many lines are on each page
can it scan photos
how does it handle if you 've underlined the sentence and the unlining gets into the words , will it copy the word and what about the underkining
can you clarify ?
is it compatable with windows 8
does a laser mouse work on it or does it mess it up with light refraction ?
i have some records that are a little bigger than 12 '' . the box dimensions say 13x13x13 , but is that the actual usable interior space of the box ?
does it comes with lock and key ?
is it compatible with this this printer : ricoh 405750 aficio sg 3110dn geljet color and b w printer
does the needle fit on any standard syringe ? even 1 ml syringe ?
will this ink tank fit the canon 922 ?
is it garanteed it works on all mentioned models ?
do you have a exactly store in nyc to contact with you ?
i have two questions . is the cabinet paintable ( or is the 'laquer ' really a laminate ) ? and did the cabinet emit a strong odor when first assembled ?
does this work with elavon ?
does an xbox work with this monitor ?
whats the dpi of a scanned image ?
is this item to use label maker brother ql- 700 ?
does it have a cover ? is it portable ?
since its aluminum , is it cold to the touch or does it juts feel like plastic ?
does the chips work for the b411d printers ?
do these work with the photo 5510 ?
are these cartridges going to work in my b210 photosmart all in one ?
if an employee misses a punch , is there a way for a manager to correct edit it ?
i want to use this on the road in various settings , how much do all the models weigh ?
how many phones does this allow ? just 6 ?
are you forced to use a wifi connection or can you plug this in to your desktop via usb or cat5 direct ?
is this projector compatible with the apple iphone 5c
is this non-penetrating or do you have to drill holes in the desk to install ?
will this item function in a 220v ( europe ) environment ?
if one color runs out will the printer still print a b w print or does the whole thing shut down ?
does the auto-duplex work with the automatic document feeder ?
i have lots of 110 negatives will this work on them ?
does this cartridge fit model hl 5470dw ?
can you use these on a chalk board ?
does the 0.7 mm kurutoga have the same teeny and near useless eraser that the 0.5 mm version does ?
how wide is it ?
good i wonder if the tool used to release featuring bands samsung ? or just repair software ?
is it suitable for use to display fridge magnets ?
does this incude the base ?
how do you put in the battery cell ?
do these phones have actual buttons to push ? or are they like digital phones ?
does this have a speaker phone capability ?
will this fit in a sears chevron ?
is this the same as the essentials kit from pantone.com ? same books ? and if i can also download free the color manager software ?
does it come with black color ink cartridges ?
can it be used outside ?
what is the voltage please ? is it 220v- 240v ?
does this product help reduce how often the laptop fan needs to run ?
do the hanging file folders fit in this box ? if not what do i use for file folders ?
how far is the range ? could i put a base it in a pole barn ?
will this work for windows 8
is this printer duplex ?
will this replace the drum ( s ) in a mfc-9340cdw ?
the contents lists a single print cartidge . does this printer come with color toner cartridges or do i have to purchase those seperately ?
is duplex ?
is this a two line phone ?
does this print normal word text documents is does this only print photos ?
does it work with an imac 10.5.8 ?
does the usb cable need to be purchased seprately ?
the h - w- d in that order . does it have a program phone book ?
i bought this to laminate certificates at school ... how do i prevent them from coming out too wavy ?
anybody have any experience porting a verizon landline to google voice , and what would be the steps that i need to take ?
does this printer have document auto feed ?
will it work with an android phone
what are the dimensions ?
will these work with the purple cow laminator ?
what is the depth of this infopac ?
how does this work if my monitor is not height adjustable and you want it to sit higher than the level of the keyboard ?
is there a refill of r 20
can i connect this to my home network with an ethernet cable ?
does this printer have a paper feeder ?
is the adf have the ability to scan both sides of a single page without manual flipping the paper ?
how fast does this printer scan ? can you print double sided using the feeder ?
can this be used as a replacement or is it only for new customers ?
how is this powered ? will i need batteries or a wall outlet or something ?
does the ink burp out occasionally when the ink level gets low ?
does this set includes envelops ?
our pendant says good morning in morning but no longer says good night at night . is there a setting to fix this ?
how long do the cartridges typically last before having to be replaced ?
how do you reset the toner cartridges ?
will it run with only a black cartridge ... no color in place ?
are the pencils refillable ?
are these really for 2013 and 2014 - seems like most of the time is past
could you please tell me what color this medium planner is ?
what are the dimensions ?
what is the total height
what size is each sheet ?
will this phone work with externally hosted systems like 8x8.com ?
will it work with the epson xp310 ?
how do you fill or refill this pen ?
what ink may i use for it ? thx .
will this work on an underwood model 12 ?
is the day and date displayed for the year 2014
can mom and dad communicate with each other , if he she is upstairs and the other downstairs ?
i have been admiring quite a few of your fountain pens , im just not sure how to go about loading thismone and other jinhao pens you have
how long can you cut a vinyl ?
is this 24 month calendar for 2015-2016 ? if not , when will it be available ?
is this multytiff ? , i dont know what that is , my father told me to ask this
can this scale be considered portable ?
is the tray removable replaceable ? ( for e.x . when changing shifts etc.. )
is the drawer removable to come out of the case ?
if you 're on the phone and another call comes in does the caller id show the new caller 's id ?
is phone a wireless phone ?
will the bind legal size and 11x17 size ?
is this epson ink ? or is it different brand of ink ?
can this handset be used with the yealink w52p base ?
how many sheet can we cut at a time ?
can it be set up to print from a pc and also from an imac ?
would this work with a ( copy pasting ) high back executive pu leather ergonomic office desk computer chair o10 ?
is there a cd to help with installation ?
dose this count the money also ?
can you put a logo on the wallets ?
black vs red seem to have different sizes:3.9 x 2.5 x 0.5 inches4.8 x 3.6 x 0.9 inches , is that correct ?
will this cartridge work well in a canon image class d530
do the drawers roll smoothly ?
are the keys hard ( like 48g ) or soft like 49g ?
this does have wifi from a normal desktop computer ?
what is the font size ?
is the laser red or green ?
does it shred credit cards well ? approximately how many can you shred before it overheats ?
how do you load it ? do you cut the end off or poke a hole ?
will this work for `` day-timer 's '' 5.5 x 8.5 inches planners ?
will these work in the canon pixma pro 10 printer
not sure how specific some requirements are . will using these in a canon printer void the warranty for it ? tia !
do these cartridges have the small lights that let you know they are installed properly like the oem cartridges do ?
is the nib size # 6 ?
what is the start month
had to put in new battery , lost instructions on how to reset time , how is that done ?
in the phrase `` portable and usb powered '' , what does portable mean ? battery operated ?
i know the cover is leather but does it have a hard backing or is it just soft cover that flops around ?
hello ! can i use this machine in venezuela ?
how large are the rectangular holes on the walls and floor of the cart ? if i put an apple in the cart could it fall out ? what about a peach ?
are they bracelet sized ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
can i hook all of my existing phones to this service ? what about my alarm system that is hooked into the phone system ?
does it have a non flashing mode ?
is assembly required
the picture does not match how this calendar has always looked . there should be a label that says `` monthly 2014 . '' is amazon 's picture accurate ?
i 'm deciding between this planner and the same size , wirebound version . does this hardback version lay flat on a desk , as the wirebound would ?
i received a vupoint printer model ip-p25-vp and ca n't seem to find the replacement cartridge anywhere . is this particular cartridge compatible also ?
what year is this calendar for ?
does this have telephone and address pages ?
it says the size is 7.25 x 8.93 x .25 inches ... ... does that mean that the thickness is 1 4 inch ? is n't that kinda skinny ?
the item description says that the calendar shows 3 months per page , yet the photo shows one month per page . please elaborate .
does the book lay flat when open ?
does this come in some kind of holder or is it just the pad ?
i noticed the weight of this product is 14.9oz , what is the total shipping weight ?
does this include a day schedule as well as the monthly planning ?
why are there 7 hole punches ?
my refill does n't contain advance planning calenders ( 6-years on 2-pages ) and reference pages that include 2-pages of holidays worldwide ? does yours ?
will it fit into a zip up day timer re-order # 44275 desk simply classic 2 page per month
do the refills work
paired with ipad , but can not seem to use the keyboard and the scanner simulaniously ?
does this come with the monthly planning tabs ?
is this the `` compact '' size ?
ae these water-proof ink as the hp laserjet 200 pro m251 cartridges are ?
does anyone know if i can buy and or place an extra fine nib to these pens ?
does this agenda have pages with times pre-printed for each day to enter your appointments ?
what happens if a foreign object is put in ?
is it large enough to use sheet protectors or will they stick out ?
is this board magnetic ?
can it store more than one message at a time , or do you have to record over the top of each message ( basically just giving you one 10 second recorded message ) ?
any reason i could n't use with monitor and wireless keyboard as long as they fit and are under the weight limit ?
i have a day runner planner . does anyone know if these will fit in the day runner -- same page size ?
can i request colors ?
canon pixma mg5420 ink
can this be opened so i could possibly paint over the stripes ?
why type of usb cable needed
does this work for printing instagram pics ?
does this have auto duplex scanning and printing or is it manual ?
does the c331 print white ?
is this printer able to handle a thicker glossy photo paper that is 10.5 mil 72 lbs , or is that likely to get jammed up ?
with book scanning what is the maximum number of pages you can scan before stopping ? is it like 20 , 200 , or could you scan 500 pages for example ?
is it compatible with windows xp professional ?
what is the height range of horizontal arm ? that is how much can the monitor be moved up and down without adjusting position on the vertical pole ?
got one used-like new ( amazon prime ) . over 12 hrs charging still no display . hearing 2 tones ascending chromatically . help ?
how many posters can you fit in this tube ?
is this rechargeable or do you relace batteries
can i send orders to print something wirelessly from my lap top to the printer and if so from how far away
is there a standard 2.5mm microphone socket for a wired headset ?
will the device work on gm cars and is all power denied to the device when switched off ?
does this phone have caller id for waiting calls ?
will this fit in the back seat of a car for a passenger to use with a macbook air ?
can you refill these ? does it have the reset gear ?
can the laptop tray itself tilt in multiple angles as well ? if so , is there a maximum angle ?
is the lip on the end holding the laptop in place , padded on the top ( where you would rest your wrists ) ?
can this scan multiple pages at a time ( not have to feed in 1 page at a time ) ?
can you print from other computersiin addition to samsung tablets and smartphones ?
is this a cas calculator ? is there a list of functions somewhere ?
i just received the shipment today but inside the padfolio there are no elastic accessory ( the blue and yellow thing in the picture ) whatsoever ?
does this fit standard letter size pad in the usa ?
how high is chair back from seat in inches ? would a 6 ' 2 '' person be able to rest their head on the back w o having to slide down into the seat ?
i need an office chair that sits above the desk . like in the piano position . that is proper seat height for your computer . what is true seat height ?
are the inks waterproof ? what happens when a printed page gets wet ?
do you think this might work on the harness of a black cat who has the tendency to find new hiding places in our motorhome thus delaying our travels
what is the number for the replacement label tape ?
does this have a monthly page as well ?
can it scan uneven flat texture such as floor and wall texture ?
will this fit on my vehicle 's rearview mirror ?
would this work with a samsung note pro 12.2 inch tablet ?
is the paper lined
how long does it take to scan a 4 x 6 photo ?
can you read the ad from both sides of the flag ?
if basictalk is used for ld , while still keeping internet local phone , is there a way to disable the voicemail feature , or alt setting # rings higher ?
are there compatible ink cartridges for this printer ?
is the paper supply stored completely inside the machine , out of site ? if not , where does the paper stick out ?
hello everybody ! will this machine do duplex scanning ? how many trays does it have ?
will my parents in china pay any fee if i use this card to call them ?
can i switch from this sub ink to another sub ink to vise versa ?
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
mine is not registering the fingerprint . it asks for first finger print , but nothing happens ?
can this be used as a copier only ?
is the brother mfc j875dw the same printer as the brother mfc j870dw ? if not ... what 's the difference between the two ?
what is the size of the wallets ?
does it matter if you work on a mac or pc ? or is set up online ?
how fast it is to be memorized after you hand write ?
does this work with an hp photosmart d110 printer ?
the cable of this device is located in the side ? or in the back ?
can you print two side document . if yes what are the settings to do so
is the upper tray too flimsy when extended to operate with 11 x 17 paper ? looked at this printer in a store , and this looked like a weakness ?
can you scan baseball cards ? will it do both sides at one time ?
does this case turn off the ipad when you close it ? in other words , is it a smart cover ?
do you have to use the wireless function ? meaning , can i take the wireless adapter out and plug into our modem ?
how many pages lc101 will print ?
has anyone used this as a stand alone copier ? did it work well in that capacity ?
does this printer print two side of the paper ?
how much would i need to cover 260 square feet
this claims that chalk pen ink can be easily wiped off . is this true ?
does this scanner create searchable files ?
is the software compatible with an apple
is the software windows 8 compatible
is the zipper in a place that will scratch the hardwood floors
rechargeable battery - what type & how long does it last
is this compatible with epson xp-410 ?
can it use for the printer epson xp-310 ?
large books
can you connect wirelessly ?
is it just wireless ?
would the glass shelf bracket be able to support a little more weight than just a dvd ? like maybe a powered speaker weighing 32 lbs ?
does this printer have bluetooth capabilities ? if not , can you use it without a landline ?
have just set up brother mfc-j6520dw but i am very disappointed with the print quality . pictures are quite blurred . what have i done wrong ? gwen d
what is est . page count on this cartridge ?
does it work on a microsoft surface pro windows 8 ?
it 's hard to tell from the photo . are the hangars of the folders actually hanging on a support ? or the folders just sit on the bottom of the drawer ?
whether sliding mechanism is on ball roller or simply sliding
do i have to be connnected to internet for this printer to work ?
does the printer come with a usb cable ?
does this have the peel bar roller that automatically separates the label from the backing when it prints ?
is there a tare button ?
are this cartridges `` normal '' size ? does ink bay door close normally ?
will any of the scanned page be cut off in either the flatbed scan mode or the adf scan mode ?
can you use this embosser without a handle ? or do you need a handle in order to make the impression ?
i inserted a black ink replacement cartridge in my printer but the machine is not reading it even though they are compatible , should i remove plastic ?
my cartridges i received only printed 4 pages and says low ink . why ?
what herbs come in this pack ?
demensions as college desk space is limited ?
how do you oil the blades , can you use regular lubricating oil ?
can this mat be trimmed ?
is there a way to import passwords from a file and or a way to export them to keep a copy in a safe deposit box ?
is the ink permanent ? is it good for signing books , for example ?
does it have faxing capabilities ?
just bought this typewriter ( my first ) , and the carriage does n't move when i type . is there something i need to do to engage the carriage ?
does it come assembled ?
when i 've used a laminator i 've enclosed the pouches in a white cover sheet that , presumably , protected the machine . do i need this for my apache ?
does this come with the c-mount as well or is it just the desk mount ?
how far back does it tilt ?
does this chair get dirty easily from regular use ? is it easy to clean and maintain the nice white color ?
will this work with kx9392 ?
does it work on multiple electrical voltages ? meaning does it work with 220v power outlets ?
how large a tablet can the slot handle ?
is the top smooth so it could be used as a writing surface ?
does it scan b & w or color ?
does this integrate with windows outlook contact manager ? or with salesforce ?
does it print , copy , fax and scan ?
will this work with galaxy tab 3 10.1 p5210 ?
will it hold the scotch tape rolls ?
is this able to be used as a standing table ?
does it display constant time on screen in the dark which i can see without pushing any buttons ?
how many mm are lines dots spaced ? also how many lines per page ?
can it print over wifi while connected via usb and or ethernet ?
do papers contents get wet or mildew mold on them when closed in this safe ?
will you send sell me the desk edge mounting bracket ( if you have loose ones ) so i can test mount .
disappointing that it cuts off top and bottom of negative , and you have to lose part of left and right . any workaround if you want the whole negative ?
is the a gray market lens ? does it come with a nikon warrantee or a 3rd party warrantee ?
how will this work with old photo 's ?
what color is this ? white or silver ?
it paired fine with my iphone 4s but i get no sound from it when in blue tooth mode . please advise .
the picture on amazon shows a window in the photo-black cartridge . do all of the cartridges have a window that shows the ink level ?
will these work for my wf 2540 ?
do they come with wheels ?
what is a poe splitter ?
can this be collapsed then expanded any hung , contents still inside on a need to work basis ?
anyone know where to buy the red 3 4 '' cut pad at ?
can you confirm this has intercom capabilities ?
does it scan multiple pages at once ? with a feeder or one page at a time ?
has anyone who tried these with an mfc-j870dw printer that has had problems with their printer not recognizing the cartriges been able to resolve this
are all of the toners in this set reega toners ?
are these pens slim like the swarovski crystalline lady pens or more like the regular swarovski pens ?
what is the max height this item will adjust to ?
assembly question - are the screws supposed to go directly into the plastic on the underside of the seat ?
what paper is used with this printer ? part # ?
what kind oil should i use ?
does the chair have lumbar support ?
does this phone comes with the power cord ?
say i want to copy or scan 10 documents , will it automatically feed the 10 documents or do i have to manually feed each one individually ?
how well does this printer handle card stock ?
how many ink refills does it need ? i am seeing 5 different products it 's compatible with . does that mean i need to buy all 5 ink re-fills ?
does this work with cartridge ?
has anyone had problems with their printer not recognizing the replacement cartridges ?
can you dim the lcd screen ? does this will work with vonage ?
what is the compatibility with mac osx , especially scanning , with both 10.6.8 snow leopard and 10.10 yosemite ?
does it work with epson xp 400 ?
i ordered the popo printer but it came with korean instructions how can i get the instructions in english ?
where can i find the video instructions for assembly ?
110v power works ?
will it work with a galaxy note 3 ?
windows 8.1 compatible ?
can you install and operate different software with the hardware system ?
how many rubberbands ( average ) are in the pack for the $ 11.98 ?
is there a weight capacity ?
how are scans transferred to computer [ laptop ] other than sd card ?
does this work with the iphone ?
r these compatable with wf 840 ?
can it accept letter size sheets ?
can this be used with an android tablet ?
can you enter names for each handset so that when you want to intercom , you can choose ( for ex ) `` basement '' or `` garage '' as opposed to a number ?
does it work in europe . is it 120 only 240 as well ?
can two people talk at the same time using two different handsets ?
does this phone have caller id ?
can this be used with scented inks that do n't come in cartridges ?
does it come with a toner when purchased ?
where do you get a new power adapter for this phone ?
this printer will have to fit under a cabinet . what is the height of the printer with the top tray fully extended upward ?
i make invitations & am looking for a color laser that will work well on specialty card stock that wo n't work in my inkjet . will this printer work ?
$ 69 printer comes with toner ? or you have to buy a part and is what you sell ?
can you turn off auto duplexing ?
would the 27 '' deep pro plus work on a desk that 's 24 '' deep ?
what are the dimensions of canon lbp6200d ?
will scanner accept mounted slides ?
how is the scanner quality ?
does this printer use individual ink cartridges for each color ?
paper sizes ? 11 x 14 ?
what is the boot time using wifi ?
is it capable of `` borderless printing '' ( for instance printing a page entirely in blue without having the usual white borders ) ?
do the handset units attach to wall ?
