what do you use to write on the leaves that can be wiped off ?
what are the colors ?
does this actually come with a pocket chart ?
i am assuming that this sits on top of the desk without falling over ?
i 'm wondering about the line spacing . how many lines on a page ? is it more like a wide rule or college rule journal ?
what are the daily pages lay out like ? is there one date per page and allotted times ( like 7am - 7pm ) or is it multiple dates on one page ?
how many pages ?
does the bookman bible come with a earbud ?
what is the size of one cube ?
is the pockets for the numbers standard size of number cards so i can change them to different seasons ?
you say it is a regular book binding but is it hard cover or paperback ?
how big in inches is this calendar when opened up ?
where was it made ?
i have misplaced my p-touch model pt-85 user 's guide , can someone send me instructions on how to use this labeler or where i can get the instructions
what batteries does the hp12c use
how do i change the decimal mode ?
is there a cover for this one , i do not see one shown ?
what does it smell like ?
is the cord necessary for operation . will this calculator work when i get it from the seller ?
what weight are these cards ?
will this cartridge work with the canon pc 170 copier ?
what is the differnce between a texas instrument ti 30x second calculator and the ba 2 plus financial calculator ?
can i plug this in only when i want to fax or receive something occasionally and then disconnect it until next time ?
how do i find the product expiration date ?
what is the expiration date ?
is this paper thick enough to withstand coloring with colored pencils ?
once i put my medicare card in one of these pouches , can i get the card out ?
which type of battery is required to this calculator ?
does this calc have a `` back '' button , can you delete just the last number typed ?
when filling out preprinted forms , is the desired print location visable so the print czn be entered on an existing line ?
where do i get a plug adapter to use in the uk as typewriter ordered has been delivered with the usa plug .
what are the font sizes ?
i want to had a white board on my refrigerator in the kitchen . will it stick that board ?
will this work on sheetrock textured wall ?
will it work to tape solar blinds on the glass of patio doors ?
how many sheets of paper will each 'slot hold ?
could i use these for glass jars ? is the adhesive strong enough ?
compatible with dymo labelwriter 450 turbo ?
avery suggested to use 45 lb . for my hp printer . is this package of notecards 45 lb ?
are these labels compatible with the dymo labelwriter 450 turbo ?
can i print photos on them ?
is this paper acid free ?
is the entire thing black , or is it white outer black inner ?
will this work with a 64 bit ?
will this phone work when there is a power outage ?
does it work with digital phone service from a cable company ?
will it phoenetic spell correct ?
is this a remanufactured cartridge or an origional ?
is the manual included ?
will it work with a windows 98 laptop
what is the exp date on hp 11a printhead the box .
what are the dimensions of the actual drawing screen ?
would this work on laser ( color ) printer ?
memory ? i bought one this year and it has memory even after turning off , but i bought another this week and it does n't retain a number . has anyone experienced this ?
is this phone pure white or cream colored ?
the picture of the product shows a box with 10 reams , 500 sheets ream . can you confirm i woudl actually be receiving 10 reams and not one ream ?
what type pitch comes with the typewriter ? lorraine
is this the 8mil or the 10mil paper ?
i want to put a photograph on the screen and project it on the wall to enlarge the outline to paint . would this projector work for that application ?
is there a battery backup ?
how to connect with dsl line ? lost manual
i need to buy c9720a . pls advise how many pages can be printed ?
i need the expiration date of what you wouild send ?
is phone wall mountable
where can i get the profile for this ?
what is expiration date
how much ink is in the cartridge ?
does this phone work without having the 3-aaa batteries in it ? will this telephone work with a headset without installing the 3-aaa batteries ? are the batteries only for backup in case of power outages or something , or are they necessary to operate the telephone ? panasonic kx-ts105b integrated business corded phone - black does this phone work without having the 3-aaa batteries in it ? will this telephone work with a headset without installing the 3-aaa batteries ? are the batteries only for backup in case of power ... » read more does this phone work without having the 3-aaa batteries in it ? will this telephone work with a headset without installing the 3-aaa batteries ? are the batteries only for backup in case of power outages or something , or are they necessary to operate the telephone ?
what head set can i use with this phone ? are there adapters ?
is it compatable to windows 7
is the toner included , ? or i have to buy separately ?
how do you get the software that goes with these labels ?
does it work with mac ?
is the printout dual color ?
will it hold a paperback book ?
will this hold a 27-inch imac ?
hp premium plus paper : do most people prefer the soft gloss or high gloss for highest quality ink jet printing of 8.5 x 11 prints ?
i wonder if the used ones include the usb cables ?
is the paper matt finish or glossy finish ?
is this stand sturdy enough to hold a 20 '' imac ?
what is the total length including the mouse tray ?
can you run afterburner click 'n design on windows 7 or 8 ?
would this work for better pictures from a canon mx 522 ?
does this come with power box cord ?
does it support twain drivers ?
does everyone agree ?
can it kill pets ?
can anyone tell me if this one is made in usa ?
is this item made out of plastic or metal ?
how many holes does it make ?
is the arm made of plastic or metal
does this have a space for email addresses ?
how big ( or small ) are these teeny tiny letters everyone keeps talking about ( maybe height ) ? can someone post a picture of something they stamped with this ?
when you punch in ... does the time clock stamp it automatically or does the person have to press a button ?
ok my employees need to clock in and out for breaks twice a day is that going to work on this time clock ! pyramid
what size is the slot on top ? will a 3 1 2 '' envelope slide in ?
how easily do the pages erase ? does the book lay open flat ?
does this product come with the manila files that are inside the box ? are there dividiers inside the box ?
what is the overall size of the entire sheet ?
dry erase
can you use dry erase markers on these ?
how high would the bottom of a binder be from the counter when it is sitting in the rack ( 1 4 `` or 1 2 '' or less more ) ?
does this timeclock print the date on the timecard as well as the day of the week ?
what is the unstretched length ? and what metal is it ?
what size
can i please , please ask for red ?
are those cardstock papers matte ? and can it go in a hp deskjet printer 2540 ?
does it work on the ipad mini ?
will these refills work in the phd multi ? it definitely does n't look like what 's inside my multi .
is blue ink refill available for zebra f-301
do these ink cartridges fit in the sheaffer mini kit , sh 73403 ?
is it possible to mount this vertically ?
does the eraser work well ?
are these round pencils or do they have angled edges ?
what colours come in the set ? : )
are there labels that name each pencil 's color ? i 'd like to buy this for a person who is partially colorblind .
will this fit booklet 8 x 5.5 ? it has three holes first one 1 and 5 16th from top.second one 4 2 16 down from top and third hole 6 15 16 from top ?
i want to attach some darkroom cloth ( glossy side down ) to a glossy hard plastic panel on a car i bought last week . this is a new car so i do n't want anything that will damage the plastic panel , but i do want the tape to hold ( there wo n't be any pressure or tugging on the cloth once it 's in place . is this tape ok ? i want to attach some darkroom cloth ( glossy side down ) to a glossy hard plastic panel on a car i bought last week . this is a new car so i do n't want anything that will damage the plastic ... » read more i want to attach some darkroom cloth ( glossy side down ) to a glossy hard plastic panel on a car i bought last week . this is a new car so i do n't want anything that will damage the plastic panel , but i do want the tape to hold ( there wo n't be any pressure or tugging on the cloth once it 's in place . is this tape ok ? « show less
does this calculator run all the functions on batteries ? if i wanted to take this to a farmers market i could use it strictly on battery power ?
there are several different listings of the same erasers from the same papermate seller , but a different cost ? what is the difference between them ?
do these erasers work on colored pencils ? and , if so , do they work on all colored pencils , or only prisma colored pencils ?
i need something that works on teflon ( laboratory flasks and beakers made of teflon ) , would sharpie industrial work ?
what is the dimension of the eraser ?
does it jam easily
are they made in usa ?
can you use standard staples or just the 1 4 b8 power crown staples ? if so , how because i own this stapler and it seems that they do n't fit .
i have heavy duty staples 1 2 '' 12mm , which stanley sharpshooter i should buy it ?
does this machine fold legal size paper 8 1 2 x 14 ?
how do you install this tape ? is it difficult ?
how many watts does this use ?
i am looking for a planner i can customize for my business , is it large enough i could add a sleeve to hold blank documents and still zip shut ?
will this work with an hp 61 printer with black printing only ?
is this ideal for birthday invitations and such ?
tire dimensions
how many boxes are included ?
does this unit have any built in games ?
are these glossy or matte finished ?
are refill inserts available to purchase ?
how easy is it to remove ( tear out ) pages ?
can i use them vertically ?
are these paper or plastic - i need one that can rip open easily without tearing a letter
is this a pocket or are the sides open ?
i 'm looking for a label that i can have students wear . is it appropriate to wear on clothing ?
i do n't have a landline at all -- will this still work ?
are they self-stick ?
is paper difficult to change
can the shelves be taken off completely ?
can we use the regular post-it notes with this ? the ones with the sticky part all on one side , not the accordion types ?
is each roll 235 ft. in length ?
i have kodak easyshare photo printer 300 , would it works with this ph-40 cartridge & photo paper ?
will this hold a heavy door open over hardwood ?
are these erasers made of the same material as the pentel click eraser refills zer2bp-k6 ?
3.5 x 6.6 x 7.3 inches . i have booklet that is 7 '' wide . is this rack 6.6 or 7.3 inches wide ?
picture shows caster bolts sticking up above caddy platform . how does the computer sit evenly ?
do you have to have a phone `` system '' ( pbx ) for the intercom to work , or does it somehow communicate with the other phones without a system box ?
is this item designed to be attached to the 'posts ' that hold the pages in place , or does it just slip over the page with no other attachment ?
does this printer require a disc ?
does it have a scanner ?
will it bond rubber to metal ?
what is the maximum width paper size that it will cut ?
can you simply tell me how high can it go inplace of percentage just in plain inches
will this paper work with most card-printing software ? specifically hallmark 2011 and printmaster for win 7 ?
any chance this works on an inkjet or deskjet ?
do these glow under blacklight ?
up to what year does this stamp go ?
do the colored tabs come off ?
will this punch work to punch sheets for the day timer desk size ( 8 1 2 x 5 1 2 ) ?
please can anyone advise how wide the opening is to hook over the divider .
does the tape actually stay separated from the roll when not in use , or does it fall back down and get stuck on there ?
is this compatible with windows xp ?
does anyone know ! how many mil is this paper thick ?
how many toner come ? just one or two ?
can you use 27 28 ink cartridges ?
will it work with voice over internet protocol phone services such as magic jack , ooma and vonage ?
it does n't have caller id ?
does this phone require an electrical connection ?
could someone please clarify the height of the the top `` speaker '' shelves from the floor ?
what size is the ruling ?
how dark are the lines on the pages ... are the lightly ruled or darker lines ( distracting ) ?
what is the size of the paper clip ?
could i use this to cut card stock ( say three sheets of the thickness of index cards ) ?
does it have a usb port ?
can you switch the cartridges between permanent and repositionable even if it is not at the end of a roll ?
so which is it : usb connector or female serial ? description says either or
is this a good calculator for the cfa level 1 exam ?
will this scan both sides of the page , or just one ?
i have a ssupply of 56 57 cartridges . but need a new compatible printer . cant afford to tosswhat printer uses these ?
my assistant works remotely and i 'd like to scan the cards and ask her to do the corrections . is it possible to share the files using dropbox ?
does this cabinet have a locking mechanism ?
does this coin holder fit in your purse as well ? is it heavy if you completely fill it ?
does this require special push pins -- or is there something under the metal grid -- like cork -- that the push pins go into ?
does the cord only come on the left side ?
is printer compatable with os7 ?
can this phone be used with a magic jack ?
does this paper fit the casio inc. hr-100tm business calculator ?
will this item 's drivers be compatible with windows pro 7 os
what does this printer comes with ? cords at least ... ? anything wrong with the printer ?
will it fit only scotch 3m tapes or other brands will do too ?
i am looking for cartridges for lexmark printer x5470 what are the choices ?
i just received mine . but where is the stamp or signed ? there is service guide booklet . how warranty certificate work ? where is serial number ?
does this machine have an `` announcement only '' option ?
what ink cartridge number for epson picturemate personal photo printer
can a microsoft ergonomic keyboard ( of approx . size 20x10.5 ) fit ?
any sagging issues ?
what are the dimensions ?
what 's in the box ? are all the tools needed in the box ?
is there a voice mail in the phone or do i need a separate answering machine ?
is it wireless ?
can i use this outside on my deck ?
mine worked . now it 's a mess . within a couple weeks . replaced ink ... still is terrible . any ideas or troubleshooting ?
is this appropriate for a 12 year old ?
does this pen allow for the interchangeable nibs ?
is it the pen made in germany ?
i ordered this used and did not recieve the usb cable . what type of cord is that called ?
can i use pins or tacks on this board , or can i only insert items behind the ribbons ?
can you print avery labels and tabs on 1320tn ?
i want to use the printer for mortgage loan documents which use letter and legal in the same package . will this print both at the same time ?
pictures i see of brother labels , a black portion shows on each new label . is this a file photo issue ?
what 's the difference btw this and the dk4205 ? the other one says removable on the package what does that mean ? is n't this ( dk2205 ) removable ?
what size core do these labels have ?
does this system support music on hold ?
what are the dimensions
what is the composite of this phone ? is it plastic or metal ? or made from composite materials from the era ?
does anyone know if these will work with a cricut explore machine ?
will it work on black paper ?
if i should need an applicator which one would be the best and easiest to use ?
can you set the combination lock yourself ? or is it already set ?
do these mics work with a regular soundstation 2 ( # 2200-16000-001 ) ? thx
can this product be used with mac computers ?
have you tried applying full labels using this applicator ?
can this be used on printers other than hp or do you have to stick with the brand of your printer ?
does it use batteries
how hard would it be to break off two of the drawers ( to create more vertical space per shelf ) ?
is the power supply an a.c. to d.c. converter ?
does it have a sliding sleeve that fully retracts ?
is it easy to change the type of fold that you want ( such as a `` z '' fold or a center fold ) ?
length of cutting edge ?
i frequently use hp glossy presentation paper . it is 48 lb . any idea as to whether this machine would handle this well ( without a lot of jamming ) ?
dose it matter if the print sits for a few days before ironing on ?
can you see where you are cutting ? or do you need to rely on lining up measurements ?
for cardmakers : is it easy to cut a2 dimensions and other sizes ?
what 's the tallest this stand can get ?
are buttons wiggly and loose ? or concise ?
is it quiet ?
would it be possible to use hooks to hang these over cubicle walls ?
can these wall pockets be mounted separately and directly to a wall , rather than using the hanging `` hooks '' shown in the photo ?
is the ink blue or black - item says black but description says blue
what is the height of the space under the stand ? is it possible i store something under it ?
is this model capable to write in black color ?
is the entire back of the pocket adhesive ?
does this work on hp photosmart 2610 ?
does this phone mount on the wall ?
what is the correct replacement ribbon for the sharp el 2196bl ?
has anyone used an acoustic electric such as the epiphone aj-220sce ( shadow pre-amp ) into garageband with this cable ?
can the marker tray be excluded from the assembly ?
is it the thickness ? how thick are these ?
will it fit credit cards ?
which pen is this ... pic 1 or pic 2 ?
can i connect it to pbx and use it as an ip phone ? can i connect it to my computer and talk via skype or facetime ?
does this phone work with an analog nortel line ?
can the stamp be personalized ? or does it just say `` received '' ? we need two lines above the date and one below . will you guarantee the date starts with 2014 and not any earlier ?
automatic photo feeder i bought the epson 2480 scanner in a limted ewdition with an automatic photo feeder several years ago -- the feeder is worn out ... can i place this adf in its place ?
this item looks and measures different from the one in my machine . numbers all match . what 's up ? has anyone else noticed this but purchased anyway ? did it fit ?
what kind of ink cartridge does it use ?
network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way of detecting the printer , perhaps through a program called bonjour . i can not locate this program on this computer , though , and the only downloadable versions i can find are for windows . does anyone have any advice ? network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way ... » read more network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way of detecting the printer , perhaps through a program called bonjour . i can not locate this program on this computer , though , and the only downloadable versions i can find are for windows . does anyone have any advice ? « show less
is there anything special that needs to be done to properly mount on a chalkboard ?
does it work with presenter view ? does the logitech 2.4 ghz cordless presenter work with the presenter view offered in powerpoint ? i have used other products for other companies that did not . i find this to be a key selling-point for me . does it work with presenter view ? does the logitech 2.4 ghz cordless presenter work with the presenter view offered in powerpoint ? i have used other products for other companies that did not . i ... » read more does it work with presenter view ? does the logitech 2.4 ghz cordless presenter work with the presenter view offered in powerpoint ? i have used other products for other companies that did not . i find this to be a key selling-point for me . « show less
are these good to use for 3 graders to use for school ?
how good would these work for `` adult '' coloring ?
how would this printer be for quantity printing of greeting cards ? how would this printer do at printing 100-200 5x7 cards on heavy cardstock ? i am a photographer and i print holiday cards for clients and am looking for a cost effective way to do this . « show less
does the lcd window have back lighting ?
does this phone get power from the phone line or does it need to be connected to an electrical outlet ?
what do the numbers count to ? what are all the shapes ?
weight of cargo capacity ?
will it print confirmation of receipt of fax ?
can this be cut down ?
how narrow a trail will they erase ?
do these pens come in all the different colors that it has on the top of the pens ?
is the ink color still black , or does the ink vary with the color of the pen ?
are these pre-punched ?
can i interface one of these to a windows xp computer ?
what color is it ?
will this work for my windows 8 pc ? and is it wireless ?
can it be used with windows 7 ?
these are smaller than a piece printer paper correct and the printer has to be adjusted to recieve them ?
does this phone have a mute button ?
can one scan to & from computer ?
can this calculator do graphs ?
does the the epson r2400 print black text ?
can a cd slim-line jewel case fit in this mailer ?
does it take standard staples ?
what is the height from the bottom ( a desk ) to the top of it 's surface ?
something messed up here ? ok ... at first , i thought amazon had an incredible deal on the printer ... but it appears that this entry has gotten messed up . i 've submitted some corrections to amazon , and hopefully they 'll fix it , but i 'm pretty sure this is the bg-40 ink cartridge , *not* the mp160 printer . something messed up here ? ok ... at first , i thought amazon had an incredible deal on the printer ... but it appears that this entry has gotten messed up . i 've submitted some corrections to ... » read more something messed up here ? ok ... at first , i thought amazon had an incredible deal on the printer ... but it appears that this entry has gotten messed up . i 've submitted some corrections to amazon , and hopefully they 'll fix it , but i 'm pretty sure this is the bg-40 ink cartridge , *not* the mp160 printer . « show less
i do n't need this to print photos - is this a good choice for color images web pages , etc ?
is this a programmable calculator ?
would this work for spring-loaded screen door ?
what is the run time for the 160mx ?
the underside of my desk top has a 3 4 ' thick piece extending beneath it 1.5 '' across the front . can i install this tray ? another ?
can epson 4490 scan 110 126 negatives ? anyone with this scanner ( epson perfection 4490 photo scanner ) tried to scan 110 or 126 negatives ? looking for firsthand knowledge from someone who actually owns this scanner .
what is the clamp size capability
how many inserts come with this ?
how many copies can i do with this cartridge ?
is it mac compatable ?
vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the ... » read more vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? « show less
how can i tell if this is a genuine canon cartridge ( made by canon ) ?
how many pages per mintute ?
do these carrier sheets work with a document feeder ? do they work with epson models ?
would i be able to print from my phone via bluetooth connection ?
do you know any hacks ?
will the 5620 run on windows 7 or 8 ?
your tool that say whether it will work with your printer does n't work !
what are the mesurements of this stand ?
can this be used with a hollow metal door ?
is this phone works for mac ?
will it be sturdy enough to hold 2 monitors ?
are the dimensions listed here the outer dimensions or the inner dimensions ?
how thick is the tape .
are these stickers `` acid free '' ( i need to document old photos and need something i can stick on the back of them ) ?
is it worth replacing the printheads or should i buy a new printer ?
is the cork board able to be mounted in both portrait and landscape positions ? or is the board only able to be mounted in one of those styles ?
is this from brother or is it after market refiles ?
is it a pretty forgiving rubber that will provide a fair amount of cushioning ? or is it a hard rubber plastic that still makes a `` bang '' ?
i ordered the # 78 & # 15 print cartridges , rec 'd today . color works . printer gives me an error when trying to use the blk & white cartridge . now what ?
this scans color photos ?
does having this label reduce the life of the dvd , or is it no different if a sharpie were used to write on the dvd directly ?
are there lines to practice writing ?
what material is used on the bottom of the desk ?
is there a box ?
what does 'packaging may vary ' mean ?
is the design on the front gold or silver ?
so , just want some opinions from you guys who bought it . i 'm a waiter . is this pouch a decent size to keep money in while serving ?
does this have a double bottom ?
my uniden tr9485 will nit receive calls . any ideas .
dialing 1 in the caller id list with the tcx805 , you push * to insert 1 before a number in the caller id list . does the 905 work the same way ?
uniden tru9465 i recently received the uniden tru9465 base and single handset . i am wondering which of the accessory handsets is compatable the tcx905 or the tcx905 t9 series ?
does it work out of the box on windows 8 and a inkjet printer ?
does this item come with an arm mount ? do you need an arm mount ?
i store my clipboard in my backpack which has several heavy books in it . would this clipboard crack or bend under that weight ?
is there a cover on the pad ?
can the surface painted by water-based latex paint ? will the paper surface wrinkles when it dried ?
cartridge problem my mp830 keeps telling me it does n't recognize the magenta ink cartridge . does anyone know how to override these error messages ? the ink is fine , but the printer refuses to print ! grgrrrrrrrr ... .
is the automatic document feeder for the scanner as well , or just for the copier printer ?
is photo quality good on both laser and inkjet rinters ?
the item says it is white but the description says it is sky blue - what color is it ?
can i ise this paper with a laser printer using toner ?
epson perfection v500 vs. v700 ? how better is the extra dmax ? the resolution dpi seem to be the same between the two . what is the advantage of having two different lenses for 4800dpi and 6400dpi in the v700 ? why not just a 6400dpi lense even if you wanted to scan things at lower dpi ? for my purpose , would it be worth paying double for the v700 ? epson perfection v500 vs. v700 ? it 's hard for me to find out the differencesbetween the epson perfection v500 and v700.my main purpose is to scan in small print ( ie ... » read more epson perfection v500 vs. v700 ? how better is the extra dmax ? the resolution dpi seem to be the same between the two . what is the advantage of having two different lenses for 4800dpi and 6400dpi in the v700 ? why not just a 6400dpi lense even if you wanted to scan things at lower dpi ? for my purpose , would it be worth paying double for the v700 ? « show less
does the lid of this scanner open all the way and lay back dwon so i can scan the pages of a very old book ?
mac compatible ? does anyone know if this product work with mac os x ?
can i use the adf for photos ?
windows 8
what is the paper weight ?
scan to pdf i need a scanner that will scan to a pdf file format . will this machine do it ?
are they joking ? who would pay that . no
could you slide this down over your keyboard to make notations on documents ?
how many volts ?
1. is the body of this typewriter metal or plastic , and what is the carrying case made of ?
how many stickers per pack ?
what is the thickness of the blocks ?
does this hold 12x12 scrabook paper ?
is it fireproof ?
what kind of battery does this use ?
the sleeve around the datebook cover indicates this comes with a note pad but it was not enclosed when i received it . anyone get the note pad ?
would this file be good for storing pre-printed labels on 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' paper , not force sheets into slots & prevent paper edges any dents & damages ?
are the pages perforated ?
why does it print garble
does the printer come with the software cd ?
say i want to turn my monitor to face left or right how easy does the whole thing turn ?
can you store the files in hanging folders ? i mean , will the hanging folders hang on the lip of the box , like in a filing cabinet ?
can you get alphabet tab dividers that work with this memo book -- either mead or another brand ?
does it require to assemble the `` legs '' ? or it comes already assembled as one ready to use piece ?
does this work with canon pixma mx310 series ?
is the ink this printer uses waterproof ?
is it compatible with stamps.com software ?
this counter works only with dollar coins and also with other currencies other countries ?
what is the dimension of the wheels ?
where does one find the instructions for this mechanical pencil ?
is this safe to mount on drywall ? does it come with the appropriate hardward for drywall ?
have any of the envelopes been removed from the box or all 500 there ?
it came assembled ?
will this phone work with avaya ip office , not ip but digital ?
is the software compatibile with microsoft outlook 2013 ?
does this use the paperpro 1901 staples ?
is this a 25 pack ?
is the entire order ( 50 envelopes ) packed in one large box ? what dimension of box will i expect to receive ? and weight ?
what is the top tray for .
would these handle a standard hardcover book about 9.5x6.5x1.5 '' . someone noted that sharp corners could be problem ... would kraft paper be better ? thx , jg
could i print on this with a laser printer , or is it too thick ?
when the phone is plugged into the pc , does it ring when someone calls ?
i live overseas . does it need an adapter for middle east electric current ?
are these printable
can this be opened to copy a page from a book , or do you have to send the pages through the feeder ?
does it have a usb port and cable to link to a laptop with windows 7 ?
does it come with the pencil holder shown in the picture ?
what is the dimensions of this product ?
is this one piece ? or we have to assemble ?
my printer wo n't stop clicking ! it clicks . is there a way to turn that off ?
is this a ink jet printer ?
does it use 02 cartridges ?
do these glow in the dark ? do they dry on plastic ?
does it scan both sides at the same time ?
noise - help ! my clp-300 prints fine , but makes a horrible screeching noise as it spits the paper out . does anyone know how to remedy this ? much
does this adapter support two phone lines per phone jack port ?
negative scanning : canoscan® 8600f v. others i have thousands of 35 mm negatives ( b & w and color , a few slides too ) i 'd like to convert a dignificant portion of these to digital . i also need a new scanner for general use.who has used the canoscan® 8600f and other products and how do they stack up ? in particular , the nikon coolscan v has generally be considered the best for film scanning . is the canon faster ( and lower operator set up time per negative ) than the nikon ? negative scanning : canoscan® 8600f v. others i have thousands of 35 mm negatives ( b & w and color , a few slides too ) i 'd like to convert a dignificant portion of these to digital . i also ... » read more negative scanning : canoscan® 8600f v. others i have thousands of 35 mm negatives ( b & w and color , a few slides too ) i 'd like to convert a dignificant portion of these to digital . i also need a new scanner for general use.who has used the canoscan® 8600f and other products and how do they stack up ? in particular , the nikon coolscan v has generally be considered the best for film scanning . is the canon faster ( and lower operator set up time per negative ) than the nikon ? « show less
can it scan 35 mm slides ?
is it possible for the clip to separate from the pencil if used regularly ?
can you write on the envelope ?
is there any issues with avery labels sticking to these ?
do shipping labels stick on well ?
is the area where items go 9x12 ? meaning , is the flap add extra length ?
what kind of labels should i use ?
i have a piece of foam that is 22 '' x11 '' x9 '' , so its 22 '' long , 11 '' wide , and 9 '' high . will this fit ?
do these mailers qualify under usps guidelines as an `` envelope containing a rigid object '' ?
what size kind of paper is best used with this ? also , does it work with printing photos from your computer ?
does the shelf collapse i.e . if i ned the cart to hold something tall can i collapse the top portion ?
can i microwave it ?
how is the ribbon installed ?
why is this $ 50,000.00 ?
is it inkjet
there is no description of the various buttons , such as tax- , tax+ , it , ca , mu md , g* etc.why is there no booklet to describe the calculator ?
what canon ink cartridges does it take ?
can i use this presenter as a wireless mouse ? i mean being able to move the cursor and switch windows ?
ink life just bought the printer last week , prints great . what 's the average ink life that most people have been seeing when using to print more photos than text ?
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
how do i make the hole for the ink to go in ... i have a lexmark pro715 , 150 cartridges
some of my problems require that i enter large exponents outside of the parenthesis . are exponents like that easy to enter on this calculator ?
can it print barcodes ?
is the pen the red color on the box ( of course the lead is black )
how to change the toner cartridge
is this 4 ply or 6 ply ? or ? i ordered the riverside poster board and it is too thin . i am looking for a thin cardboard . will this do the job ?
are these ball point pens or like very thin markers
are these regular sized letter envelopes for mailing a letter ?
are the perforated holes at the top of the badge on both sides or only one ?
do these truly have a low odor ?
how wide is this product ?
do these markers erase cleanly after a long period of time ?
can this paper be used for both laser and inkjet printers ?
a step up from the canon s9000 ? i 've been happily using a canon s9000 for several years . would the purchase of the pima pro 9000 be a significant upgrade ? has anybody else made the move from the s9000 to the pro 9000 ?
is the scanning via adf duplex as well ? is the scanning duplex as well ?
does the used datexx bd-413 come with instruction manual ?
where ( in what country ) are supaclips manufactured ?
does this have the graph squares on both sides ?
do i have to have computer on all time to receive calls ? what if i put my computer to sleep , will skype phone still ring if someone calls me on skype ?
is the physical separation between the plastic and paper portions of the bin something that can be removed so there is only one bin vs two ?
what size paper does it use ?
does a roll of paper come with this calculator ?
anybody actually own one of these ? so , anybody with real-world experience on one of these ? pretty expensive , but could be nice for grandma . assuming , of course , they service stays connected and this thing does n't flop . anybody actually own one of these ? so , anybody with real-world experience on one of these ? pretty expensive , but could be nice for grandma . assuming , of course , they service stays connected and ... » read more anybody actually own one of these ? so , anybody with real-world experience on one of these ? pretty expensive , but could be nice for grandma . assuming , of course , they service stays connected and this thing does n't flop . « show less
i want to hang tweezers and small scissors on a strip in my medicine cabinet . do you think the magnet is strong enough to hold these items ?
what is the weight capacity of the stand ?
that scanners is in good condition ? have any problem ?
do the labels come on standard 8-1 2 x 11 sheets ?
is there a way to replaced the handle ?
is it compatible with hp deskjet f4180 all-in-one printer ?
will this work for a photosmart c3180 ?
does the 93 cartridge sub for the color 95 ?
what is the expiration date on the ink ? is it in hp packaging ?
will it work with hp deskjet printer f4180 ?
can this machine use different sized coils ? what are the maximum number of pages it can coil ?
i have an hp 1315 all in one model . will thses cartridges work in mine ?
is it possible to set this machine to begin with just 1 , with no extra zeros or etc , so that it simply counts up ? if so , how ?
i 'm looking for a key+mail+magazines holder . would this hold magazine ?
how do i provided my information to be put on the seal ?
would i be able to place this on a cinder block wall in a school hallway ?
will it stick to a cement wall ?
would this hold rolls of bulletin board paper ... 5 ft. tall
i have a website address that is long . it has 34 characters . will it fit on one line ?
can i purchase refills for the pt-70 from you ?
does this phone work without the pbx - using regular home line ?
i need a clear , large caller id . is this the one ?
how much does it weigh ? would it be sturdy enough to pull up 4 steps or would the wheels break or come off from the pressure ?
does it have an intercom ?
speaker phone
can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone ... » read more can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! « show less
does hp g4050 scanjet work on windows 8 ?
4x5 film positives on the hp scanjet g4050 photo scanne  my name is ted -- will i be able to scan 4x5 film positives on the hp scanjet g4050 photo scanner ?
mac comopatability ? got another skype phone , which did not list that it required windows . does anybody know whether this can be used with mac ?
is there an adapter that would make my lhp7580 pro all in one wireless ?
i want labels that will stick on ziploc bags to label cross stitch floss . will these stay on well ?
what makes these erasers different from just a sponge ( that 's what they look like ) ? what scientifically speaking makes them special ?
the stamp i need has 4 separate lines , and 30 characters on the longest line . will this stamp accommodate my needs ?
is this fellowes binding machine , comb , pulsar e 300 , electric , with starter kit ( 5216701 ) for us letter ( 19 punching holes ) or a4 ( 21 punching holes )
it can use for spiral ?
are these flags the refills that go inside the pens highlighters ?
how much does this item weigh ?
how long would you say a refill cartridge lasts ? i know it depends on projects , but just curious . they seem expensive unless 1 lasts a long time ?
how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look okay . ) i 've printed from both publisher ( choosing the grayscale setting ) and photoshop . how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look ... » read more how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look okay . ) i 've printed from both publisher ( choosing the grayscale setting ) and photoshop . « show less
i just received this cash box but there 's no money inside it , as pictured . did anyone else 's arrive empty ?
does it have the speaker feature ?
is this made in china
using this phone overseas does anyone know if this would be a cost effective solution if i am currently residing in the us and traveling to india ?
does it have a headset jack ?
is this college ruled or wide ruled ?
can you use this marker on a whiteboard and erase it ?
does this come with a summery form to send into the irs ?
what size are they ?
has anyone used these for securing bouquets of flowers ?
can you heat shrink wrap with this roll ?
what is the maximum height this can be adjusted to ?
will this cartridge fit the photosmart c5550 printer ?
can this royal cash register 500dx gives or print alpha-numeric receipt meaning name and product sold can show on the receipt ?
what operating systems is it compatable with ?
does anyone know if this printer will work with a windows 7 computer ?
does the binder have any pockets on the inside of the cover ?
what is the height of the opening between the shelf and the bottom of the drawer ?
i have a canon mp190 series printer scanner and neither cartridge i just purchased are recognized by it . i purchase 31 & 30 with now issues . pls help
can this item cut chipboard with a nice clean line ?
does this come with the key ring ?
will marker bleed through these pages ?
what color is the phone ?
how to print duplicate receipt
is this an inkjet printer ?
are the cards different colors on each side ?
is the ti-30xs suitable for the ged test
is it really a full inch thick , as it says in the specs ?
can you tell me what is the forward back range ? i.e front of desk to rear of desk . tx .
use my laptop on my dining rm table . it has approx a 1 1 2 inch lip will this work ?
can you tell me just how far the back reclines ?
does it erase easily or does it stain ? how is the quality of the gloss ?
could the calendar be used to hang on the wall as well as the fridge ?
how to get back to comp mode ? i tried mode 0 but still stuck in deg mode . i can switch to rad , gra modes etc. , but not comp . whats up ?
is it 6 feet high and 4 feet in width , or the opposite ?
how does this do with scanning photos ?
how much ink does each bottle contain ? does this set have metallic gold ink ?
i see someone said they thought it is one refill but was n't sure . has anyone bought it that can say for sure if this is one or two refills ?
how magnetic is it
is this the actual stand or only the flash cards ? why does the product description say stuff about time cards ?
does this come with a rechargeable battery ?
will it work for bigger format page sizes ? ex .
do we have to buy combs separately ?
dimensions
can i purchase the shredder serarately as i already have the waste basket ?
i have owned 2 of these & both continued to run after i stopped shredding . this is the only problem that i have had . why ?
my current wall phone has a line cord with a j11 on each end-it clips into the wall jack -does this phone have the same arrangement ?
are there instructions to calibrate the scale ? has anyone done it ?
what color are the buuble mailers ?
do these compare to papermate ultra fine flair ? is the tip smaller or larger ?
does this phone have extra large buttons ?
i have two projectors in the classroom . can i use the laser or mouse to point certain things on two screens ( projectors ) at the same time ?
does it include toner cartridges or should i buy them separately ?
what is size ?
can you get the pen engraved ?
biodegradable ?
does it fax ?
does this product recognize arabic langauge ?
is fm pro9 compatable with mac os 10.9 mavericks .
can you turn the ringer off on the phone ?
does it come with a factory soft carry case like the hp site ?
what is the page count on the 4070 , please ... ?
is there a slot that i could store an ipad mini ?
i notice the metal on the legs is not shiny like some that say the legs are chrome . what is the material ? is it aluminum like a medical chair ?
does this stool adjust down from normal seating height to several lower settings ?
what is the weight limit ?
will this fit a .5mm pentel p205 ?
do envelopes come with this item ?
when you open the lid , does it stay propped open ( upright ) , or does it open all the way and basically lie flat on the table in front of the box ?
if i purchase 2 items of this , would the same key open for both ?
would this stick well to a card table ?
does it come with a refill ?
can the tray be taken off ?
will this phone work with my rca25423 re1 25424 re1 i need call id
hp solution center stopped working , gray screen my hp c7280 has been working fine and all of a sudden , the hp solution center ( from which the scan menu and fax menu are accessed ) stopped working . it opens up a window and it says hp solution center on the title bar but the whole window is gray and it stays gray.i 've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers from their site , updating flash and repeatedly have uninstalled and reinstalled the software . it does a fax test and prints a test page and the printer works fine , but i ca n't open the solution center so i can scan things into my computer ( text , photos , etc ) or do anything else via the computer to the all-in-one . does anyone know how to fix this ? hp solution center stopped working , gray screen my hp c7280 has been working fine and all of a sudden , the hp solution center ( from which the scan menu and fax menu are accessed ) stopped working . it ... » read more hp solution center stopped working , gray screen my hp c7280 has been working fine and all of a sudden , the hp solution center ( from which the scan menu and fax menu are accessed ) stopped working . it opens up a window and it says hp solution center on the title bar but the whole window is gray and it stays gray.i 've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers from their site , updating flash and repeatedly have uninstalled and reinstalled the software . it does a fax test and prints a test page and the printer works fine , but i ca n't open the solution center so i can scan things into my computer ( text , photos , etc ) or do anything else via the computer to the all-in-one . does anyone know how to fix this ? « show less
what is the core size
i 'd like to find ruled pads but these look blank white . anyone seen ruled pads available that fit the wellspring ?
will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a year and i can not imagine this printer would n't work with it . but i 'd hate to buy it and find out that i ca n't use it . can anyone advise this computer illiterate ? will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a ... » read more will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a year and i can not imagine this printer would n't work with it . but i 'd hate to buy it and find out that i ca n't use it . can anyone advise this computer illiterate ? « show less
can this printer work wirelessly ?
can i scan 126 film with cannon 8800 ? i just got this 8800 from my kids for mother 's day . i wanted to scan all the old negs - and have done all the 35 mm already . now i have 10 years of 126 film ... ... ... square ... ... ... is there any way to scan these with this scanner ? can i scan 126 film with cannon 8800 ? i just got this 8800 from my kids for mother 's day . i wanted to scan all the old negs - and have done all the 35 mm already . now i have 10 years of ... » read more can i scan 126 film with cannon 8800 ? i just got this 8800 from my kids for mother 's day . i wanted to scan all the old negs - and have done all the 35 mm already . now i have 10 years of 126 film ... ... ... square ... ... ... is there any way to scan these with this scanner ? « show less
how do i set it for black ink only
paper tray ? ive been researching for a new printer . this one seems to have all that i am looking for . the only thing that i am concerned with is there is no paper tray . one printer i purchased a few years back also had the paper standing in back like this one and the paper kept getting jammed because of this . does anyone have any problems with that issue ? paper tray ? ive been researching for a new printer . this one seems to have all that i am looking for . the only thing that i am ... » read more paper tray ? ive been researching for a new printer . this one seems to have all that i am looking for . the only thing that i am concerned with is there is no paper tray . one printer i purchased a few years back also had the paper standing in back like this one and the paper kept getting jammed because of this . does anyone have any problems with that issue ? « show less
will this gaming mousepad help that much more for gaming ? especially with games that are fps , moba , and mmorpg ?
how long is the cord ?
can i get different colors ?
windows 7 does this scanner work with windows 7 ?
i took off the long yellow ink cartridge cover at the end , and installed , but the printer is only printing black pages . any ideas ?
are the white blotches from the printer or toner ?
will this work with laser printer ? anyone tried using it as normal laser printer copy paper ?
anybody know of compatible toners ( not refilled ) like everybody else , i love what this printer does . but i 'm having a terrible time with what brother considers `` consumables '' which appears to be absolutely everything on the stuff on the inside . has anyone found a source for reliable compatible toners ( not refills ) ? i need to replace my second drum ( in 1.5 years ) and my second belt . the 1st belt replacement lasted 2 weeks . i keep going back and forth about just dumping the machine rather than throw good money after bad , but the features are terrific ! anybody know of compatible toners ( not refilled ) like everybody else , i love what this printer does . but i 'm having a terrible time with what brother considers `` consumables '' which ... » read more anybody know of compatible toners ( not refilled ) like everybody else , i love what this printer does . but i 'm having a terrible time with what brother considers `` consumables '' which appears to be absolutely everything on the stuff on the inside . has anyone found a source for reliable compatible toners ( not refills ) ? i need to replace my second drum ( in 1.5 years ) and my second belt . the 1st belt replacement lasted 2 weeks . i keep going back and forth about just dumping the machine rather than throw good money after bad , but the features are terrific ! « show less
what is the expiration date ?
is it precise ?
can it work with a standard parker pattern ballpoint refill ?
is the ink black ?
can it write on anything , for example : a stick of butter ?
are they waterproof
how dose it mix with other inks
have people tried mustek 's drivers for apple mac os 10.x ?
does this have battery also ?
is this paper for use with the easy share printer dock that comes with the easy share camera ?
what is cutting mat
is it black ink ?
how much wight does it hold ?
does this come with cables ? cd ? manual ?
are the keys raised or flat ?
this cabinet is listed as being mobile , however there is no mention of it coming on wheels . does this cabinet come with wheels ?
am i to understand that if i am missing a letter in jumble i can enter the letters i do have plus the question mark and it will give me choices ?
are the wrist rests removable ?
can i simply connect it to my modem ? via ethernet cable ?
is there a handle or something for carrying ?
windows 7 does this scanner work with windows 7 ?
the wheels absolutely do not go with this shredder . is there a way to get a set of wheels which will fit into the holes in the bottom of the machine . the wheels are `` useless '' . it will need to stay in a stationary position otherwise . please advise .
i need to mount this phone on the wall but the receiver does not stay on the holder . is there a button or something that keeps it from falling off the
i lost my pencil holder sharpener . i use a rotary sharpener to sharpen my leads . but i do n't have a way to push the leads out is there a replacement ?
what is the weight of this keyboard tray ? do you need a heavy duty desk to attach it to or will a cheap ikea desk top be ok ?
what is the copy count for these cartridges ?
is this a top embosser ?
how do you get the info we an on the stamp ? i was ready to check out and it never asked me so i canceled the order . will wait to hear from you .
can you make a stamp from my logo ?
how long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper ?
i 'm wanting to use an ergonomic keyboard that already has a wrist guard rest on it ... will this fit on the keyboard tray ?
how many inserts ( books ) can you fit ?
in the notebook , it have one more line , what that line can do for ?
can this be connected to a regular analog phone ?
does it have uv protection ?
will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ? here is alink to the stickers avery shipping labels for laser printers , 8.5 x 11 inch , white , box of 100 ( 5165 ) will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ? here is alink to the stickers avery shipping labels for laser ... » read more will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ?
does the installation require drilling holes all the way through the top of the desk ?
please help ! can i use this in an inkjet or no ? need a prompt yes or no . tia !
can you use this as a regular printer , not just off the computer ?
which one is newer compare with hp mobile 100
can i print directly from my laptop to the printer ?
how do you open the pen to change the refill
will this work to bond 'gripper fabric ' to the bottom of knitted slippers ?
i have just installed a new cartridge and there are black marks on the right side margin every 1.5 inches . is this a defective cartridge ?
i am trying to put in a manual time on an employee and it keeps flagging it hm does anyone know what that means
is this a sublimation printer to ?
has anyone used this doorstop on something like a condominium or apartment metal front door with closers on the hinges ? if so , did it work out ?
is this sturdy enough to hold catalogs .
what if your router does n't have a lan port ?
do the side-rails lift up for storage ?
will the at & t 993 2 line corded phone also allow calls on panasonic and v tech phones on same system ?
will it work in ireland ?
can you hang the base unit on the wall ?
do they bleed through the paper ?
can the color of the ink be changed to a different color ?
is it 100~220v ?
will this printer work with a mac os 10.39
can a canon office all-in-one have photo lab quality pics ? how is the quality of the photo pictures with this printer ? is it possible to have a machine that can fax , do two-sided copying , auto feed , etc -- - and still have excellent printing of photos ? and ... what about black and white photos ? can a canon office all-in-one have photo lab quality pics ? how is the quality of the photo pictures with this printer ? is it possible to have a machine that can fax , do two-sided copying , auto ... » read more can a canon office all-in-one have photo lab quality pics ? how is the quality of the photo pictures with this printer ? is it possible to have a machine that can fax , do two-sided copying , auto feed , etc -- - and still have excellent printing of photos ? and ... what about black and white photos ? « show less
does this have a quick release feature in case the paper gets jammed ?
why are my documents wrinkled after the process ?
what product is used to attach a photo print to a hard board like foam core or chipboard ?
does this model have fax capability ?
does the owners manual say anything about shredding newspaper ? i 'd like ot use it for that and some say not to ! thx
what are the dimensions ?
can you download it instead of using a cd ?
what does t p mean
ordered two of these phones and they do not ring ! ironic , after seeing so many complain about the volume level of the ringer ! help please !
does the phone have caller id ?
what year does this begin with ?
how wide is the opening ? also , how narrow are the resulting strips ?
what is the last year ( in the future ) that is goes to ?
is there a favorite type of paper for these ? watercolor paper ? cold or hot pressed ?
pocket size phones available ? i am looking for a phone my elderly father can drop in his pocket and forget about until he needs it . any suggestions ?
how many inches long is a stapler
could i fit a printer on the bottom shelf and sit a cpu tower on the top ?
i am considering this paper for field notes , can one use a pen or pencil and can this be used in an inkjet printer ?
how many rolls not colums are in a page
what are the outside dimensions of the organizer ?
are there any pen holders ?
is it loud
manual , users please view ? ,
what are the dimensions of the shelf ?
what about color pencils ?
how does the pen attach ?
does this item come fully assembled ?
is this compatible with mf4350d ?
what are the measurments of this filing cabinet ?
is this calculator usable for the sat ?
is the top of the pen removable , ( two-piece ) or is it a twist open close ( one-piece ) ?
work on pc ?
is it metric ?
how do i change the ink cartridge
are these refillable with a kit ?
how does this ink compare to pilot 's iroshizuku ? i am interested in the pen , but is the ink worth it ? any issues , or it 's really good ?
would this be compatable with windows 8 ?
where is this stapler made ? is it made in china or taiwan ?
this product states that it will hold up to 100lbs . i would like to use this product as part of my tv stand to elevate my 65 '' tv . is this possible ?
does it seal clear or it has some weird texture on it ?
is turkish available as a language
what is the content weight limit ?
do you have enough space to fit a keyboard and a mouse in the keyboard tray ?
what are the shelves made of ? ok for outdoor patio use ?
i am making blocks for a child using old stamp blocks . i used gloss luster mod podge . can i use the hard coat to ensure a good seal ?
what kind of cartridges does it use ? easy to find ?
can this be used to attach shelves to drywall ?
does this come with any chalk ? if not , what chalk works best ?
this serves the cartridge hp photosmart d110 ?
is this product a genuine hp 60xl cartridge or a refilled cartridge ?
what printers does this ink carrtidge work in ?
does this print in color as well ?
how fast does it scan ?
how tall without wheels ?
how do you personalize the stamp ?
i have a widescreen monitor , but not enough desk space for this pad . would i be able to let it stick out over the edge of the desk and still be usable , or will it bend ?
does kodak esp5 work with windows 7 ?
does it convert currency when traveling abroad ?
can i use this to help keep my stickers in place so they dont fall off ? making ornaments .
need to glue a leather patch on a leather chair to cover a split - what type of glue ?
are there lots of slots for the dividers to change widths by say 1 2 '' increments ?
wwhat is the length of the 5 x 8 box ?
what is the weight of the hp photosmart c4480 printer
does calendar come with a writing implement ? or what do you suggest we use ?
pictures are confusing . the small picture shows tan bands that look like the right size ( 3.5 x 1 4 ) ; however , main page picture shows thin bands ?
does anyone know of a fountain pen cartridge converter that will fit my parker sonnet fountain pen other than a parker converter ?
will this pen fit the classic sd knife ? i 've seen one listed as large which i believe is too long . do n't know what this one is .
i have a printer that i would like to store on top of this . the printers is wide and probably weighs twenty pounds . will it support the weight ?
is this pen heavy ?
mac compatibility does it work with apple , imac ?
does the sliding shelf extend only out the right side or can it extend from either side ?
is this board as actual slate board ?
if i 'm making hand-cut envelopes out of vellum , and want to make them so they can actually be sealed and mailed , this is what i would use right ?
why does the hp7520 need a 'special ' black photo cartridge to print photos ?
will the xl magenta fit in my hp photosmart estn c510 series ?
is this a large or regular size cartridge
will it work on contact paper chaulkboard paper ? and wipe off ?
i bought a set of the prismacolor premier soft core but i also want a watercolor set , are these as smooth as the soft cores ?
does this printer produce scannable linear bar codes ?
how wide is this chair ?
what does that mean ?
are these rigid or thin and bendable plastic ?
could you put two rolls of 1-inch-wide tape on the larger core , rather than one roll of 2-inch-wide tape ?
my company does n't allow wireless printers to be used with my company computer . is this a printer that plugs in with a usb and is ready to print ?
what is the range of # s included on each stamp ?
do i need to purchase a separate coil crimper plier for this or does the machine automatically tuck the coil ends ?
how tall in inches or mm is type size 1 ?
will this calculator subtract a decimal from a fraction ? for example , could you input the following : `` 5 16 - .458 '' ?
can you adjust this stand long wise not wide ?
some reviewers have called it junk after it malfunctioned after so many months . does it really have a `` lifetime warranty '' as stated in description ?
i 'm tall , will this work ?
the description says the size is 2-1 2 '' x 4-1 4 '' . what size is the piece of paper that you put inside ? is it business-card size ?
what is the measurement of the spine label ?
are these labels 1x2 5 8 ? or are they really 1x2 ?
are these water proof ?
how does this tool work ? how long is the rod ? and does it put up the t-bar hooks , the plastic ceiling hangers ?
what kind of metal is this made from ?
is it compatible with vista
can you stack 2 of these on top of each other like the ms400 model ?
is this a case of pens , or just one pen .
what are dimensions
the photo output tray on my photosmart b8550 is stuck in the up position . any ideas how i can make it come down ?
i dont understand how the poe works . how do i get the phone up and running ?
can you label a cd with these pens ?
is there a limit on the thickness of the book that this can hold ? what 's the tray width ?
how does the 7 point star badge attach ? also , i 'm assuming the city of eugene police badge is just an example and or it comes off ?
has anyone tried scanning a small receipt taped at the top of the receipt onto an 8.5x11 paper ? just want to make sure it will not jam . that is how the finance department needs to receive them and i will need to scan our departments copy directly into the computer the same way . has anyone tried scanning a small receipt taped at the top of the receipt onto an 8.5x11 paper ? just want to make sure it will not jam . that is how the finance department needs to receive them and ... » read more has anyone tried scanning a small receipt taped at the top of the receipt onto an 8.5x11 paper ? just want to make sure it will not jam . that is how the finance department needs to receive them and i will need to scan our departments copy directly into the computer the same way . « show less
so can you use this while at a desk chair or on the couch ?
i do n't get it . if the paper is post card size , does that mean if you want a 4x6 , you print and then cut it down ?
what warranty comes with this phone ?
what size are the pages of the planner ? 5 1 2 x 8 1 2 ?
flying jumpers are mentioned in the product description , but are not show in the photo . do they come with the tape dispenser or not ?
there is no ampli600 listed on geemarc 's website is this actually the cl600 ?
does the amplicification feature have to be turned on each time or once it 's been set , it is in use ?
does it have a speakerphone ? where is the icon ?
being used , how many total prints were done ? what type , if any , warranty provided ?
i need to find a printer that goes with this ink . what brother printers is this compatible with , printers that are currently being sold on amazon ? thx
is this product an original brothers ink cartridge & comes in bro.original box ?
can you refill these with a standard roll of tape ?
what is it made of ?
can this be used without the drawer ?
will it fit in an inside mens suit pocket ?
is the microfiber pink ribbon starter daytimer the same size ( and inside ring size ) as the pink leather , which is inside ring size of 1.25 , i believe ) .
what are the dimensions ?
is this just for a mac or is it compatable to a pc
is a usb cable included in most printer boxes ? i bought a new canon printer and there was no usb cable that came with it . do all usb cables fit into all printers ?
will this fit my canon ip2702 printer
can you print in black only from a computer without using the color cassettes ?
once the ink is dry , can you write on the front with a sharpie ?
does the wrist rest detach ?
my computer needs ventilation on the bottom . will this accommodate that ?
does it come with a box ? cause its for gifting
where do i look to order more letters for the sign ?
can i make copys
i received my slide 2pc it did not have the cd or the little brush where do i get one
what is the diameter fo the button ?
is this compatible with windows 8 ? is this usb plug in from the printer to the computer ?
availability of a mac os x 10.6 ( snow leopard ) driver ? canon mp980 wireless all-in-one photo printercould not locate a snow leopard driver or other software on the canon website . it is n't clear whether or not it will function following an upgrade to mac os x 10.6 , although my canoscan 8800f flatbed scanner seems to work fine with its older driver ( listed as compatible with mac os x 10.5 ) .canon has historically provided excellent mac compatibility and support . but a snow leopard driver is already posted for my samsung ml-1630 laser printer . availability of a mac os x 10.6 ( snow leopard ) driver ? canon mp980 wireless all-in-one photo printercould not locate a snow leopard driver or other software on the canon website . it ... » read more availability of a mac os x 10.6 ( snow leopard ) driver ? canon mp980 wireless all-in-one photo printercould not locate a snow leopard driver or other software on the canon website . it is n't clear whether or not it will function following an upgrade to mac os x 10.6 , although my canoscan 8800f flatbed scanner seems to work fine with its older driver ( listed as compatible with mac os x 10.5 ) .canon has historically provided excellent mac compatibility and support . but a snow leopard driver is already posted for my samsung ml-1630 laser printer . « show less
is this scanner large enough for 9x12 images ?
does the pen rattle when the point is out ? like the other version of this pen ?
what is the rated capacity of this cart ? does it specify that in the manual , on the box , etc ?
what is the actual basket size ?
i have been using e6000 for making jewelry and i am so tired of it drying out before tube is empty . waste of money . does this glue have that problem ?
do these binders have a plastic cover to slip in a book cover page ?
what is the maximum width that it holds ?
will this sharpen colored pencils ?
are these acid-free ?
is there a tray to hold markers ?
i want to do tshirt transfers , will this printer do that , and will it connect to a mac ? is it wireless or usb ?
will it have `` strongs number and lexicons
do these cartridges work in a brother mfc 6490 wc printer ?
is this product the actual one manufactured and sold by epson ?
are the pages perforated and able to be torn out of the book ?
how do i fix my tac becoming weaker ? things it used to hold up are falling down now . ( just a small whiteboard the size of a comp monitor . very light )
is this 220 power ?
the display picture does n't show any branding on the frame . can the white brand name in the lower right be peeled off ?
is the black frame wood or plastic ?
can it be hung longways ?
can you fit a surface pro 3 ( 11.5 '' x 7.93 '' x 0.36 '' ) into the laptop compartment ?
is this the regular size bubbles or some smaller sort ?
are the file folders included with the binder ?
what keeps the laptop from sliding off the bottom ?
hearing aid compatible
good afternoon . also detected euros ?
can i print barcodes with this printer ?
where is the 440cn option ?
will this memory work with my imac early 2009 ?
does this make streaks ? and why does it say in the description `` genuine name-brand replacement '' ?
can you disassemble the pen ? and if yes , how ?
what would you recommend for the best way to hang it on a wall in my home ?
how many refills are included ?
has anyone purchased this product since 2011 ? if so how has the packaging been ?
will standard manila size folders ( amazon item b00006if1b ) containing documents fit easily into these ?
can it be set to pulse ?
is the quality good enough for elegant wedding invitations ?
do these phones have the intercom feature ?
does this machine have a beep that alerts you when a message is waiting ?
can you remove the grey horizontal bar ( the part where you shred credit cards ) so that it is a straight direction to add paper instead of at angle ?
did anyone recceive the `` oregon laminations '' genuine product ? this page appears to be a false advert . `` if not , then choose the # '' new from '' link just below that to see the correct offer . otherwise , you are not likely to get the oregon laminations premium quality product . '' when you do that , they want $ 32.00 for the item . did anyone recceive the `` oregon laminations '' genuine product ? this page appears to be a false advert . if you read the `` product description , it says : important : be sure the `` in ... » read more did anyone recceive the `` oregon laminations '' genuine product ? this page appears to be a false advert . `` if not , then choose the # '' new from '' link just below that to see the correct offer . otherwise , you are not likely to get the oregon laminations premium quality product . '' when you do that , they want $ 32.00 for the item . « show less
does anyone know if this will accommodate 12 x 12 paper ? i do n't really care if it sticks up at the top , but will it fit 12 inches on the sides ?
i need to know what the depth is for mounting keyboard .
how many inches is the black ( rubber ) part ... excluding the metal stem .
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting ?
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting ?
can you use it in the shower ?
can you cut it or trim it ? or is it too thick ?
can it feed canceled checks ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
what size battery does the handset use and is that included with the phone ?
does it work when the power goes out ?
will this phone work with my model kx-tga740c ?
can this record conversations ?
how do i download my address book from the the base ?
what is the page size ?
how do you put in the staples
how thick is the metal ?
what is the max width of this ?
`` out of paper '' with paper in the tray it is annoying that i get `` out of paper '' errors when there is paper in the tray . i have to remove and reload the paper several times until the machine decides there is paper in the tray . has anyone else experienced this problem ? `` out of paper '' with paper in the tray it is annoying that i get `` out of paper '' errors when there is paper in the tray . i have to remove and reload the paper several times until ... » read more `` out of paper '' with paper in the tray it is annoying that i get `` out of paper '' errors when there is paper in the tray . i have to remove and reload the paper several times until the machine decides there is paper in the tray . has anyone else experienced this problem ? « show less
do the sleeves hold credit cards as well , or just business cards ?
is this waterproof ?
i need to know if at least one side is magnetic and is dry erase ?
i am needing a good soft chair that will adjust up to 30 '' seat height . this one appears to adjust but how much ?
is it wireless ?
how to install this machine ?
can this tape be used out doors ? if so , how does it hold up to the elements ?
does this phone have the ability to turn off the ringer ? is it possible ?
how many pages does each ink cartridge yield for printing ?
does anyone have any feed back on this ? is it worth buying ?
will this printer do manual duplexing ? will this printer do manual duplexing ?
do these fit and work on the canon mp470 ?
does it scan multiple photos at one time giving each one a separate file number ?
13x19 frames where do you find stores that have frames to fit the 13x19 photos that these printers will do
what do you use to write on it that does not smudge and looks clear ?
what type of hp ink does it require ? does it allow you to print both sides ?
what size laptop does it fit ?
working outside us ? does this phone set working outside us also ?
are the display screens well lighted and easy to read ?
how good is the battery life ? actual talk time ?
does this phone have caller id ?
does this phone have headset jack ?
is it wall mountable ?
i already have this model but want to add additional handsets . this is cheaper than cl80109 and you get three handsets . can i add to existing set ?
does this handset come with a charging base ?
can cord be replaced
what is the battery life
does this visually confirm if you are clocking in or out ?
i have had the scale since april . was pleased with it . batteries needed changing . now when i turn it on i get an err-e msg . what is that ?
will this stand hold a laptop ?
would this product work for the jinhao 5000 dragon ?
how to put new lead in the clear papermate pencil
do these cartridges work with luxury jinhao 250 fountain pens ?
are these ink cartridges appropriate for a kodak 3200 ?
what is the maximum weight this can measure ? in terms of jewelry , can this be used to weigh say a heavy chain ? of about 10 soverigns ?
could i hang a flag with this system or does it have to be paper ?
i have a 55 '' wide map and these do n't come in that size . i 'm considering combining the 48 '' and 12 '' . will this work ? look weird ?
i am a fairly tall guy , with long legs . my question is , can this desk and keyboard tray accommodate someone who 's 6'5 without scraping my knees ?
does the monitor shelf just sit on the desk or is it attached with screws ?
how many handsets are included ?
physical dimensions
can the scansnap s1500 scan platic cards ? we now need to photo copy drivers licenses that are plastic credit card thick . do items need to flex around rollers to be scanned ?
has the mat stained or damaged anyones hardwood floors over the years ?
is this an oem brother tn-650 ?
are the rails are the bottom like a rolodex .
is there a thesaurus
does it require wifi
how much weight will each self hold ?
how well does it work with prismacolor pencils ?
how does brother hl-5370dw compare with brother hl-2270dw ? how does brother hl-5370dw compare with brother hl-2270dw ? the brother hl-5370dw is a bit more expensive , bigger , bulkier , heavier , can hold more paper at once , uses a high-yield toner that is ... » read more how does brother hl-5370dw compare with brother hl-2270dw ? « show less
can i get this overnighted ?
fujitsu scansnap s1500m drivers does anyone know where i can download the scansnap manager drivers for the s1500m scanner ( link , torrent , whatever ... ) ?
how do you set up the 890dw to copy legal size documents . legal size paper in tray but do n't know how to set up copier .
exactly what is involved with the assembly . how much problem with wood splitting .
these labels do not peel freely from the backing sheet . they are attached to each label . they rip when separated ?
i thought this scanner had an auto `` de-skew '' ... ... my docs when fed in show up on the screen as skewed ... .anyone else have this issue ?
is there warranty on this printer ?
does the cart hit your heels when you pull it ?
will the calculator factor polynomials ?
what is the difference with the fx-9860 gii and the one sd ? which is best ?
my current refill is for hauser bill 7o7sf . will this refill fit my pen ?
does this model have an auto start feature ?
does this fax machine print ?
i want to hang this board in portrait mode versus the landscape mode shown in photo . is the tray on the bottom attached or come separate ?
works wireless ( wifi ) ... or need to be plugged to internet router ?
i am left handed myself and i see no need for this pencil arent all pencils universal they are just cylinders so what is the purpose of this ?
hard or soft cover ?
i received this item and found written that it works on 120 ~ . my question is is it safe to connect it to our electricity which is 220 ? if the ans
what is the dimension of the pad to the left of the mousepad opening ? can it be trimmed if it hangs too far over the left edge of the laptop ?
how do you replace the cartridge ? how do you replace the ink cartridge ?
does it come with labels ? if so , how many ?
would i be able to print bar codes for inventory tracking ?
is everybody still satisfied with their purchase ? are they holding up ? is it just the pads or is it indeed the complete `` armrest '' ?
you 're supposed to write on the white and it transfers to the yellow , correct ? why is it not working ?
there are 2 descriptions on this . is it 1200 ' or 1500 ' ?
just wanted to be sure , this will work for stamping the back of check , correct ?
how do you enter the verbiage ?
i can not get this printer ? to print a document from my mac ? is it just for photo printing ( it was given to me and i can not get the manual for mac ?
why ca n't i check out with epson ultra premium photo paper glossy ( 5x7 inches , 20 sheets ) ( s041945 ) by epson
how do you restart it ?
what is the shelf life of this ink ?
does it have a `` headset '' jack ?
could i plug a headset into this phone ?
does this machine require a distinctive ring from your phone provider to differentiate a call from a fax ?
what batteries does it use ?
why after scanning my pictures the card shows no image ? i have double checked everything , can you give me a clue ?
how much weight can it hold ?
what is the size of this ?
how do you replace a new correctable film ribbon
does it have caller id ?
is this phone a wall mount model
i have an epson l800 in costa rica it 's also a 6 color system and i have the cis but never bought ink in us . is this ink good for my l800 . waht 's the
is this considered half-inch ribbon ?
would this hold a full size pc tower about 60lbs ?
will this fit a standard smith corona portable typewriter ?
will this accurately fill pre-form coin wrappers or will i have wrappers with the wrong amount ?
we have nice wood stairs going from the finished basement up to the kitchen , and my husband wonders if a loaded cart will cause indents in them - y n ?
is this the expandable handset , or the actual phone ?
will this ciss work on this product ?
dimensions match these except the top of my stem above the grip ring is rounded like a dome rather than flat on top . will that matter ?
what is the longest time this pencil has lasted you ?
hello . what are the dimensions of this product ?
do the regular phone jack ( rj9 ) connectors on the base work for any regular wireless headset ( like at & t ) ?
will accept pressuirized fisher refills
can the pink page be printed on the back page ?
previous box had a reorder # ec855-br . is this the same one ?
will it work with older slides sandwiched between two sheets of glass ?
is there an intercom system ?
how many sheets come in a package ?
how long is the pen ?
what all comes with the printer ?
can you hear the message being left or can you mute it ?
can they be converted to ink-dropper pens ie . fill the entire barrel with ink ?
is the top drawer to the right also a file drawer ?
what cartridges are compatible with this ?
what picture sizes does this print ?
are these clear ? can you see documentation clearly in to the envelope , or are they frosted ?
does this allow you to control your cursor as well ?
can you listen to messages trough the handset ?
how do you recharge the tacky surface when it gets dull and stickless
are you able to print via wireless or network ? can you print from multiple computers with windows 8.1 pro ?
are these hooked together or can they be hung separately ?
since the dimensions are stated as being 12 '' x12 '' my question is does this file really accommodate 12 '' x 12 '' sheets of paper ?
does this calculator have a button that you can go back a number if you hit the wrong key ?
how do i program ring tones ?
where is the set made ?
is this product compatible with lenovo b590 ? windows 7
how do i print only in black ?
will this work with epson artisan 1430
are all necessary cords and cables included with the scanner ?
what color is the laser pointer ?
are the dividers attached at the bottom of it to prevent them from slipping around ?
what size is it ?
how is this free ? does it use a google chrome number ? since the google chrome service will end next month or so , then what do you do with it ? pay the 10 $ month fee ?
does it include the hanging folders ?
does it work for hl-3075cw printers ?
could anyone suggest a wireless print server for this printer ?
flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless ... » read more flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? « show less
does this work with waterman pen ?
does the ofc monitor stand come assembled ?
what is the depth if the desk and what is the height from the ground to keyboard shelf
is this suppose to print blurry barcode lines after a couple of prints ?
how tight is the belt clip ?
is it powerful enough to grind through junk mail without needing to open the envelope and separate everything out ?
is this network printer ?
will this scan 110 slides mounted in the small 1 1 8 '' square frames ?
does this come with all the cables needed to hook it to a monitor or projector ?
i am confused about the `` on tare '' button . how do i get it to measure the item and the box and be sure the tare function is turned off ?
how are printers changed in printers available box
does this gadget convert slides to cds ?
would a cd fit in here ?
what is the diameter of the seal ?
this is desk organizer for legal size 8,5 '' x13 '' ?
what is the full diameter of the base as i need one that is under 26 '' , as well as the overall depth ?
how much does this cabinet weight
will this scan as editable text into excel ?
can you write on this with a pen or pencil ?
are you still happy with this printer ... what size prints ?
can this be used on vinyl floor ?
can this machine handle carbon copies of checks ? can you buy black ink ?
can copy with this printer ?
is there a chance the file droors will fit 12x 12 folders ?
does it swivel ?
is it compatible with the mfc790cw printer innobella cartridges ?
are these made in the usa ?
one customer stated he was able to refill 7-8 times with this kit . that seems almost to good to be true . has anyone refilled that many times ?
i 'd like to print digital downloads of decoupage paper from etsy . how is the quality for something like this ?
how do you clean it ?
i do n't need the wheels . do they come off ?
what is the height ?
what color is it ? white , silver
does this have actual back boards or is it just that tacky thin backing ?
does it have to be assembled ?
is this official kodak brand ? it should have yellow on the label , should n't it ?
what are the dimensions on this stool from rubbermaid ?
what do you have to do to put it together ?
is there a privacy button
what happens when i use another bluetooth device at the same time , say my ipad and bluetooth speaker ?
how do i print black and white on my . 4500
of what is pillow stuffing made ? does it mould to different heights ?
how deep are the drawers ?
my casio lost the 3 vertical display lines in the far right digit ( last digit ) , so most numbers . are impossible to read . is there a fix for this ?
are the buttons plastic or rubber ?
can you store your favorite verses ?
will this sharpen a 2mm lead holder clutch pencil mechanical pencil lead ? if so , anyone try sharpening 2mm colored lead ?
do you need to place photos one by one ? or is there a feeder for more ? how long does 1scan takes ?
what are the bag dimensions ( h , w , d ) ? and how high the handle off the ground please ? does bag material seem durable ?
anyone have a manual ?
i would like to run the signal from the adapter through the internal phone wiring to a base phone in another room . has anyone tried this ? did it work ?
during assembly , can the legs between each shelf be cut down to lower the overall height of the cart ?
is this the same as 278a ?
can you sit on top of it ?
will they hold boxed set lps ?
can you isolate the audio of the callers . let 's say one caller on the left and the other on the right channel ?
do these phones support conference calls ?
is there a section for addresses phone numbers ?
is this product compatible with the telephone net in the netherlands ; europe and does it have the normal rj11 connector ?
does this planner have a plastic cover back ?
will this cartridge fit the hp deskjet 1513 ?
does base unit and cordelss remote have speakerphone ?
do the trays have ridges , or are they flat and smooth ?
in looking for time cards , is the pyramid 2400 cards compatible with the at 2400 time recorder ? i do n't see anything here that is an exact match . thx
will it work for hp photosmart c4870 ?
noise ?
it says it is compatible with mac osx 10.6 but i have osx 10.8.2. will it work ?
will this fit vupoint solutions magic wand portable scanner ( pdswf-st44pu-vp ) with wifi ?
can you mount these to a wall ?
i am looking for a window cling type for my inkjet printer . will these work on car windows ? are they self adhesive ?
what case fits this scanner ? the one listed under `` what people bought '' is only 11 '' and this scanner is 12 '' .
epson 200 xl
is it wireless ?
is the paper loaded in a tray or from the back ?
is there a way to use separate keyboard & mouse along w laptop , & have the keyboard lower than top ? ( disabiltiy issues )
is this a tsp100 or sp700 ?
does it come with labels and ink ?
does this come with labels ?
is this unit unlocked ? can be used with any gsm carrier ?
hi - how do i hang file folders in the lower drawer ?
height is listed at 2.5 inches . how high is it with the sides up ?
do you have to buy the covers ? and if so what kind do you get ?
can you use this folder to fold a regular size sheet of paper in half ?
does this model use plastic or metal binding ?
where is this printer manufactured ?
how much ink does this printer use ?
does this book come with the address pages included ?
will this work for heat transfers on fabric ? the oem ink does but a question below about uv inks sent up a flag . please advise .
gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is correct ? gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is ... » read more gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is correct ? « show less
are these tanks full or partial value tanks ?
will this cartridge work with my 1x6500 printer
when my printer indicated that my yellow ink cartridge was low i replaced it and not many weeks later , same low indication for yellow . any ideas why ?
what size hanging file folders does this require ?
is this scanner compatible with 8.1 windows
do any casters lock ?
would i be able to get a clean cut on a folded plastic vinyl cheap table cloth using this cutter ?
does this phone have a jack for a headset ?
does the fiskars 12 inch led surecut folding rotary paper trimmer ( 154470-1002 ) cut chipboard ?
do these sheets have one side that is `` grippy '' with a bunch of tiny textured dots , or are both sides 100 % completely smooth ?
does this map have white margins ? what is their width ? what is the map size without the margins ?
is the board solid black or does it have polka dots on it .
does it have holiday cards column ?
will this phone work on a mac computers ?
does product come with usb cable ?
does it have a speaker function ?
can you mount it on a glass desk ?
does this dry to the touch ? would it work to put patches of glitter on wrapping paper ?
anyone have the link to the template ?
will it fit a p1006
how much are the monitors able to be angled ?
can this mfc be used with a mac & a pc ?
will this drum work with the hl-2280dw printer ?
how many pages is it good for ?
is this plug and play ? do you have to fuss with settings on machine ?
when this printer is not used for 3 months should i remove the ink cartridges from hp deskjet 1000 before i go to prevent problems
can the mg8120 scan when ink cartridges are empty ? i read a few reports stating that a different canon multi-function printer ( the mx882 ) wo n't scan if the ink cartridges need to be replaced , which is of course absurd . does anyone know if a similar restriction applies to the mg8120 ? i would have assumed that you could scan with no ink or even with no ink cartridges in the machine , but maybe that 's not the case . can the mg8120 scan when ink cartridges are empty ? i read a few reports stating that a different canon multi-function printer ( the mx882 ) wo n't scan if the ink cartridges need to be replaced , ... » read more can the mg8120 scan when ink cartridges are empty ? i read a few reports stating that a different canon multi-function printer ( the mx882 ) wo n't scan if the ink cartridges need to be replaced , which is of course absurd . does anyone know if a similar restriction applies to the mg8120 ? i would have assumed that you could scan with no ink or even with no ink cartridges in the machine , but maybe that 's not the case . « show less
every time i turn around i see pixma mg6120 wireless . i presently have a pixma mg6120 . does that mean mine is wireless also ?
can this product be used for shadow box mounting of sports clothing items ?
does it have a speaker ?
is this scale pretty accurate for weighing items that are less than 1 lb ? ( would it accurately weigh clothes , for example ) ?
is this board designed for daily use as in a classroom setting ?
can you hang the board on a wall or is it a `` stand-alone '' kind ?
how many pages will you get ?
what are the dimensions without the casters ?
does it come with ink ? i really would like to know : does it come with ink ?
wee lost power over the weekend and the unit will not come back on ? what to do ?
i want a printer that i can print with my ipad or iphone , plus need a copier & scanner . would this be a good choice for the $
there are two different pictures and different sizees mentioned . which one comes .
does this only work on a standard round door knob ?
can the scanner scan the barcode and then clear the information automatically so i can scan the next bar code without hitting enter ?
are the pens dry
will these work in canon mp640r ?
does this printer work well with windows 7 ?
is this product the sterilite 1729 supply box ?
is anything printed on the back of the
will this handle glossy paper ?
how deep does this keyboard tray drop down to from the bottom of the table ?
envelopes
will this work with brother 's hl-4150cdn printer
do i need any other software to operate this time clock . also what is the format of the export reporting system example word , excel , text file , other .
can you scan multiple pages into one file ?
does this work with a micro usb port ?
what size is the stamp ? what dimensions ?
will the resetter work with epson cartridge t0992 - t0998 9 pin cart 99 98
what amperage is the motor rated at ?
is the kodak black ink cartridge # 30 able to be used on the esp 3250 printer ?
can i use this with cross townsend ?
will this support an 11 ' macbook air well ?
is this product comes with software drivers or not ? if not how much is the cost of software driver ?
can i use this printer with coupons.com from my ipad ?
is the brother 2240 disscontinued ? is the brother 2240 disscontinued ?
does this work with a mac ?
can it be used for sitting-standing work for a 5 '' person ?
excuse me : which country is dymo brand ?
how many slides can you do at one time ?
will it print tabloid size paper ?
will this work in a brother mfc-9840cdw ?
does this dictionary use cantonese chinese or mandarin chinese ?
i 'm not connecting this to any desk . are both sides of the cabinet finished ? can i remove the 2 brackets on rt side of unit ?
am i to understand that this phone comes with needed batteries and instructional manual ?
do the arms come off ?
this printer can use solvent ink for exteriors ? please help me .
is it made of wood ?
can you engrave a small logo next to the name ?
does it hold legal or standard size folders ?
is this new or manufacture refurbished
what is the vertical height that the x-stand lifts a laptop ( between ground and bottom of laptop ) , at both the back and the front ?
can i request the numbers in my packs ?
where manufactured ?
does this work on wifi or eithernet cable ? are there any yearly fees ?
is this product compatable with quick books
can someone tell me if it works on power of 110v through 240v ?
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
what are the measurements of this machine ?
can you give me the height from floor to top of arm rests ( to slide under conf . table ) ?
what 's the max height of the seat ( measured from the floor ) ?
is it removable ?
are all the locks and keys interchangeable ? or does each lock have a specific key ?
i considering buying this desk but i 'm a person who uses two monitors currently my monitors are 22 '' each will both fit on top of the desk ?
what are the dimensions of the pad on this refill ?
how many coin inserts does it have ?
i ordered these for my hp envy 5530 as well and they are not recognized . if they are compatible , is there something i need to do to the printer ?
is there any warranty with this unit and if so what does it cover ?
how do you refill ink cartridges with these ? does it come with directions ?
how much does this file cabinet weigh ?
title says `` putty , '' photo is black . pick one .
is this work for canon imageclass mf4370 dn ?
what is the size of the lip ?
what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch thick .250 is a quarter of an inch ! this was measured with a micrometer . what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch ... » read more what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch thick .250 is a quarter of an inch ! this was measured with a micrometer . « show less
does this tray `` slide '' in ?
how would this hold up to say being used in a semi rough environment ?
i am looking for lockin patient chart files . will this accomodate smead chart files ?
has anyone used this for a printer ?
are the pastel colors opaque enough to show up on dark fabric ?
can this be used like an ocr pen ? if i take notes , can it scan like other ocr highlighter pens ?
my work keyboard is flat on the desk . its much too low . i need the keyboard to elevate at the very least 4 inches higher , can this adjust 4 in up ?
are these good for a thicker pencil such as a mechanical pencil ? are these good for bigger hands like a teen 's or an adult 's ?
can i plug a hands-free headset to the phones ( handsets ) ?
does it tilt ?
can you print to it from an ipad ?
how to change length of label ?
does this come with adobe acrobat standard ?
is this ink compatable with mfcj4700w ?
is cis cartidges work on epson artisan 800 ?
how high is it from the floor to the seat ?
does the caller id have a date time stamp for each call ?
is this toner compatible with canon imageclass lbp6000 ?
does it hook up to any credit card reader via serial cable ?
product dimensions ?
ix 6520 -- printing heaviy paper canvas ? does the ix6520 print heavier paper ?
does the light blue fabric show dirt easily ?
is this a set of two binders ? if not , how do we specify which design we would like to order ?
how many pages can fit in this binder ?
does it slide on a wood floor ?
can this board be easily mounted to cubicle walls ? if so , what hardware is required to mount ?
can it handle paper with staples ?
how does it work ? do i need to connect it to a computer ?
does this do 110 negatives ?
is this true ?
does anyone know if this does duplex scanning ?
what are your estimates of the ink costs per print of a full color , 8x10 ?
does this ink come in the retail package box ?
how fast is it when you spell a word wrong , to give you a list of words .
why wo n't it take my pictures in the scanner
will this fit my brother mfc 495 cw
my printer head supposedly is loose how do i fix that
is the caller id display backlit ? can it be read in the dark ?
what happens when the power goes out ?
is the paper double sided ?
does the panasonic kx-ts880b require batteries or does it have an ac adapter ?
what is the space between the eyelets on the bracket ?
is this a dura eco product
can you erase over these ?
i would place this on my desk . is the surface height 16.75 '' when in use ?
will this fit in a hp photosmart 7520 printer ?
is it true that this mousepad start fading or changing textures after few weeks , i would love to buy it but durability is important
can you give me the exact height without the castors ? i have only 23 '' to work with . and , how secure is the locking mechanism ... can the drawer be pulled open with heavy force ?
is magnetic area at least 17 by 21 ?
what is the weight of each sheet
do the tips break easily ? and is the graphite centered in the shaft of the pencil ?
how well does this cut a heavy butcher paper weight ?
does this phone have a wired headset jack for use when the battery needs charging ?
has anyone had luck making this print wirelessly ?
can i use these for my printed out study questions ? are they clear ? or do i need to take the papers out ?
is there a speaker function in the base unit ? and on each of the handsets ?
will this cord fit hp 5530
would you recommend this for freshman physics and is it easy to use ?
premier or not
does caller id information show up on these phones for inbound cell calls ?
is this hearing aid cimpatible
has anyone used this on an airplane ? were there any issues with either taking it on the plane , not fitting or anything else ?
does adhesive have a pull off tab ? is the adhesive resealable ?
i ca n't get the speakerphone to work on one of my handsets . any solution ?
does this have the base as shown ?
will it mount on standard phone wall plate ?
good , this telephone works without electrical energy , that is to say if the light goes away and the telephones have battery work ?
what range - working distance from the base unit - might one expect from the handsets ?
will my ls6425 support 3 more handsets ?
where is this made from please ? many
would this fit an hp officejet pro 8500 printer ?
are the toner cartridges that come with the printer able to be refilled and used long term or do i have to buy an initial set of cartridges ?
what is the ink color ?
will this phone work with a magic jack ? does it hang up by the thing that holds the phone ?
how do you dial on this phone ?
how long do the pagers last after one overnight charge ?
can i print wirelessly from this printer ?
do this fit in the case-it 2 inch binder or you need the 3 inch one ?
can you adjust the height of either of the shelves ? can you adjust the degree of slant on the podium ?
would it be easy to travel with this item ?
how do you close the safe ?
is there room to use a mouse with this stand
is is good for soft art pencils ?
does other brands of notepad ( 8 '' x11 '' ) fit this portfolio ?
what are the four colors ? only 3 show .
does this work with an iphone 5s ?
what sizes are the ink cartridges ?
does this phone have wireless capabilities ?
will this printer print from my macbook pro and iphone ?
does this automatically connect to an existing base ?
are these full size notebooks ( 8.5 x 11 ) ?
is it compatible with all models ?
i have a l404c currently . will this work as an accessory set ?
does the handset plug into ac outlet or into a phone jack ?
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
input voltage ?
i 'm window 7 user . i tried to use auto duplex printing , but i have to manually feed the paper even the paper located at the auto feed container . please help me to solve this problem . i 'm window 7 user . i tried to use auto duplex printing , but i have to manually feed the paper even the paper located at the auto feed container . please help me to solve this problem . any ... » read more i 'm window 7 user . i tried to use auto duplex printing , but i have to manually feed the paper even the paper located at the auto feed container . please help me to solve this problem . « show less
what are the needles for ?
does this have something on the bottom to prevent it from sliding around ?
can this printer fax ?
is this an energy star product ?
will this printer continue to function if one of the toners gets low ? will it print in black and white if the color toners are empty ?
what is the toner yield ?
are the stamp images as pictured on the product ?
what are the demensions of basket . the product description indicates 17 by 16. is that true or is it smaller ?
is there a mac printer driver for this ?
my scale is not zeroing out . i really do not want to spend $ 99 on a calibration weight ? i do n't know whether to send it back . any suggestions ?
how do you scan 4x6 photos without them coming out all goofy looking . is there a trick to using it over smaller items ?
is it 10 reams for 11.19 ?
is it possible to connect with an ipad 4 ( w lightning connector ) ?
what is hopper capacity ?
i 've got one , and ca n't get the drawer open . any ideas ?
how many times can this bottle refill the toner ?
is this made of plastic or metal ?
do these pencils come sharpened ?
does this phone come with a belt clip ?
i see some one els asked about inserts . how dose this sign work ? do i write on the plastic or do i order inserts , if so can you recomand a product ?
does the clip swivel ?
will this work with the uniden d1785-3t model
i am a dod id card holder- i usually keep my card in the protective envelope . will the envelope fit in this holder as well as the card ?
is this too wide for a child to use on a plane ?
does anyone know if you can scan a page from a book with this ?
how long can it record ?
does this printer have a separate tray to feed envelopes ?
can this printer be used with a hp computer ?
will this work on a laptop with windows 7 professional , 64 bit , 4 gb ram ?
does it have speed dial ?
can i punch and round more than one paper ? like a whole book ?
how easy would it be to add a wireless headset to this ?
does this come in a red and white box ?
what is the differnce between the $ 69.99 and the 89.99 dollar one ?
is it bad for your car 's transmission to have a heavy key chain ?
can you turn off the talking caller id ?
how many pages ?
will this work with an hp c4795 printer ?
is this chair good for kindergartener to use ?
is this is the 75 lb model ?
trying to compare ink costs between the r2000 and r 3000. the r3000 takes 25.9ml cartridges . what is the capacity of the r2000 cartridges ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
how long can you run machine continuously ?
what material are the cups made of ? are they water safe ?
can you draw on the presentation can it act like a live pen ?
how many do you get in a package ?
if you are talking using the headset , does an incoming call register on the handset ?
will these work with the hp photosmart c4700 ?
does this pen work with standard international converters ?
if you hang vertically , is there a chalk ledge on one of the short sides ?
1 coin washer dryer set . bank wants .25 's wrapped - no need sorting . sometimes have 2000 coins ( let them pile ) up . will this work ?
can this gun use both regular and fine needles ?
does this come with an instruction manual or is it online ?
it says black then dark brown in another spot what color is it
confused by name , is this just the drum unit that is compatible with brother mfc model 7860 ?
i am clueless . there is no nib or means to write . where do i begin ?
does it come with carry case ?
what is the size of this lapdesk ?
does this work with 9volt battery or another size ?
this is the original printer + ciss ink system ? or is a modified printer to use sublimation ink ?
would credit card protector sleeve , hold fit a medicare card or social security card in it ?
would these exit lights , weight 10 pound , be able to be mounted on a dropped ceiling ( tile ) ?
is the height 13 or 11 6 ?
does anyone know the voltage ? is it bivolt ? 120 240 ?
does this toner expire after a year or two ?
does this work with the mf4770n for sure ? 100 % does anyone use it with that model ?
can you print anything on the stub portion of the ticket ?
what is the best type of pen for handmade paper ?
is the cap of the pen a screw-on type ?
i received an `` h-toner type i '' in purple bottles nothing else mentioned on the label . is this the right toner i need for mf4370 ?
i have a taxi business , can i power this from the cigarette lighter ? is there an adapter for that ?
how is this mounted ?
how thick is the cork ? do things stick in and stay in place easily ?
is this book for 2014 ?
is the tip retractable ?
if i leave these on the shell for three months , will they still be any good ?
do the labels print out with excessive blank tape before and after the printed letters ?
can i use this to send a poster through the mail ?
i know these have sticky backs , but could i sew them on a pair of kid shorts ?
can i use this ink for hp deskjet 1010 ?
how can this resetter cause the printer to burn out ?
how many ink cartridges does it need ?
how is the volume on the handsets ?
how many passports this can fit ?
i am looking at buying the tgp550 . is this an additional cordless phone for that system with a booster ? not sure what this is .
i am looking at one of these for my business . do you just plug in an rj45 cable to a network and then you can call ?
if performing a ceremony will this journal stay open if held in one hand ?
do you have to hold the handle blade when you 're tryin to align your paper ? is this not a hydrolic like handle ?
will this pen fit through checkbook loops ?
does it flip pages automatically while scanning or one has to physically flip each page of the book ?
is this pen in original box ? pls advise soonest
will this scale for weigh puppies down to 1 oz or 2 oz accurately . the platform is large enough , but how well are `` light '' item weighed ?
what country is it made in ?
are 950 and 950xl interchangeable ?
what is the expiration date on these ?
i have an hp office jet pro 8600. i want to replace the black ink . the hp color is indicated as hp950xl or hp950 . is that the same product you have
what printer does it fit
what is the yield of this refill ? , how many pages would it print ?
does the phone annouces the names clearly - you can understand what is being said ?
can this product be used on cloth , like a tote bag ?
what is the overall length of this opener ? blade length ?
how to fix when lead gets stuck inside ?
where is this sharpener made ?
is this phone a stand alone phone ? does it have a place for the telephone jack ?
what headset do you use with it ? do you have one you would recommend ?
what is this chalkboard made of ? is it the traditional slate or something else perhaps ?
can the swinging door with the shelves in it be on the other side ?
is n't pandigital out of business and not honoring any warranties ?
is it safe to clean the pad with water ?
does it need a carrier or do you just put the pouches through ?
what comes in the box ? additional cables required ?
what is the height dimension for the upper part of the cabinet ( above the trashcan ) ?
is this right ?
i see 2 cartridges in the picture . what is in the 4 pack ?
is it mono or stereo
does the base have a headset jack ?
does this device have an audio port ?
just got mine today , i let it heat up , but no matter how many times i pass the document through the edges are n't sealing , ideas ?
do they have lines on them ?
did the pvc card smear after you printed ?
does anyone know compatibility issues ? usb 2.0 . 3.0 , xp vista win7 win 8 , etc ?
what size is the calendar
states good on macs up to 10.6 but i have mountain lion 10.8..will this printer work for me ?
can you scan 4x5 negatives with this ?
zebra lp2824p compatible ?
do these markers work on dry erase boards that are black or white dry erase boards only ?
are these opaque-white or transparent when you peel off the back ?
i can not get this printer to print text . help
please could you advice whether this handset comes with 220v charger ? or it comes with just non-rechargeable batteries and just a support ?
i have a project where i need 250 4x6 photos in 3 hours . can i get by with just this one printer ?
how long does each slide take to render ?
does this have a power cable ? i ask because there is a battery 1 12volt for it ?
what is the outside material ?
how much of this product is recycled ? 100 % ?
how is the military clutch back attached ? are the pins welded on or is the pin part just stuck on ?
printer started spitting out 20 blank sheets at the same time as the one page that 's being printed . anyone know what 's wrong ?
wo n't print jobs just sit in the cue and say error printing . i am using word and notepad any ideas what program i can use to print reciepts
what kind of ink do you use , regular ink or photo ink ?
another removal question - has anyone tried removing from plastic beer bottles ? would like to resuse the beer bottles if possible . thx !
what paper can you order that fits this ?
will it scan standard size receipts , business cards , greeting cards ? is the software user friendly ?
can you scan to computer wirelessly ?
compatible with windows 8
do the wheels lock ?
how can i print out photos on this printer using glossy photo paper ?
does this model support paging intercom ?
can you change tapes mid-cartridge ?
does the m160 have the same issues as the m140 with drivers ?
i do not have a wireless card in my computer therefore no wireless capability . can you use this printer with a cable connection to your computer ?
does this come with cord and stand ?
is this printer compatable with windows 8 ?
which kodak printer would you say would be the best for photo printing ?
where can i get a power cord for this machine
is this compatible with windows 8
does it print nice quality pictures on photo paper ?
is it compatable with windows 8
how deep are the drawers ?
can it be used on ink jet printer ?
can i call to regular landlines in mexico ?
this is my son 's first fountain pen . when i ordered it i did not realize it was a fountain pen . can you please tell me how to use ?
i bought the jinhao cartridges for this pen . it clicked into place , but there is no ink flow . is there more to it ?
how many feet of tape on a role ?
can this cartridge be refilled , or is it 1-time use only ?
what are the dimensions ?
can this printer handle glossy photo paper ?
what is the color combo ?
can you tell the scanner where to file the receipts ?
will this fit on my side by side fridge ?
will this work with the cartridge that came with my printer ? or do i first need to buy a new cartridge ?
does this come in the waterman box ? ( i 'm looking to give as a gift ) and is it a `` screw '' top ?
is it compatible with windows 8.1 64 bit ? can you also tell me the copying resolution , dpi ?
how big is it , why nobody talk about cd268 's size .
friend is rechargeable
i 've had the printer for about two years , and it 's been fine . just recently it started printing photos very dark . changed ink and still same thing ?
does it work ok with non-oem or refilled ink carts ?
how do i hook up the fax line to it
will it print black when the color cartridges are empty ?
what material is the seat made of : ?
takes effort to remove cap off mine . sometimes i need one hand and two fingers of the other to remove the cap . anyone else have the same problem ?
has anyone tried scanning insurance cards or drivers licenses on this scanner ?
is this printer also for window 7 64 bit and wireless
will this ink work in my pro 915
how far far from the base can you be & still use phone ? do you need a phone jack for the second phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
is a sd memory card required ? if i scan a very large ( fragile ) book , can i scan it directly to my pc ? does a usb cord come with the scanner ?
want to use for garage entrance as mat on carpet , want thinner than rug mat , but heavier & thicker than generic plastic runners . think it will work ?
usb connection ? scans tocomputer ?
can these cartridges use for epson stylus pro 3800 ?
copies are too light
how to open cartridge carriage ?
just opened box , scanned the setup barcode waited about 4 minutes turned back on but only scans 11 digits , how do i get it to scan 12 digits ?
is it wireless and can it enlarge and reduce
does it have a pullout basket ?
does it do duplex
is this ac100v-240v 50 60hz ?
can you draw on these ? would sharpies work ?
is installation difficult
will this printer work with just the black ink ?
does a usb cable come in the box ?
if you print several small labels ( dozens ) with the continous roll ( dk-2205 ) does it cut them one by one ?
will this product be sturdy enough to hold a 23 inch monitor steadily when the legs fully extended ?
what are the dimensions of the cucina chalkboard ?
how many inches forward from the poll will 2 24 inch monitors mounted to these arms reach when fully extended ?
how long does one last ?
i recently received a office pro 4000 , will shutting off printer between use help save the ink life ?
is this a wireless printer ?
how much paper fits in the standard tray that comes with the printer ?
how many pages does each paper tray hold ?
my canon uses the 240xl just fine , will the 240xxl fit my printer too ? canon pixma mg3200
xl vs non-xl
i know this is the size i need , but will this brand work with lexmark 's firmware ? i read that only lexmark cartridges work now ?
is there a `` camp-on '' feature ?
does this canon printer weigh about 20 lbs ?
how many pages print with canon pg-241xxl fine ink cartridge ?
if there is a power outage , will the time automatically reset to the correct time ? can you set it up to automatically deduct lunch breaks ?
will this work with a smartphone or tablet
does it have a headset jack ?
is this calculator auto off ? if so , do you hit the `` c '' to turn it back on ?
can it count bangladesh taka ? bdt
i wonder what the expiration date is ?
mounted to my desk does this go up and down or just in and out ?
does this phone announce the name of the caller ?
what else i´ll need for my own voip home system ?
does the envelope feeder come with an hp one-year warranty ?
i need to cut vinyl stencils that i can peal and stick to glass for sand blast etching . can this machine make them ?
who is the manufacturer supplier of the ink in these cartridges ? when is the manufacturer 's 'use before ' date ?
will this printer print card stock
what are the sizes of the drawers ?
is this product guaranteed to be new ? does it come with the full manufacturer 's warranty ?
are the days of the week written on the left side and spaces to write the 6 subjects across the top ? are there lines in each box to write on ?
how many files does this hold ?
why does toner light still stay on after replacement of new cartridge ?
i´m go to miami this 9 09 14 to 12 09 14 , pls you can put thois phone in miami in this date ? regards
can you use the envelopes to mail the 1096 back or do i need to use a regular business envelope ?
is it magnetic
are they even heavy ?
does this gun do the circle loop tags too ?
can i validate a guest check with this product ?
do these counters actually count the amount of money you have or is it just counting the amount of bills you put in ?
does this print wirelessly ? also is the color printing good picture quality ?
will this printer accept my tn-110 ink cartridges ?
how is the ink put into the printer cartridge ?
does this pen have the option to buy refills ?
how do you provide your banking information to them ? is it via email , or a secure form ?
is it non-glare ?
where are the labels manufactured
how to customize this stamp ?
what are the drawer dimensions ?
does this include the drum , toner and auto feeder ?
does this paper have a sticky back like the 2x3 paper ?
can someone reccomend a good black ink cartridge for this pen ?
i too have never heard of these , & like one reviewer i love writing instruments . is the long point sharpener a must ?
what is the height ? is it adjustable to various heights or just the full height and table top ?
does it translate sentences ?
what is the inner diameter of the cylinder , in millimeters ?
is it reversible for left handed mouse users ?
can you tell me if the item listed is 12757-2 1.0 medium point ?
what size are the strips ? i am quilling and like the 1 8 '' wide strips the best as they make everything look delicate and lacey ?
is samsung mlt-d104s works for ml-1865w ?
is this cart easy to assemble and disassemble for traveling purposes ?
we got this item . it drops numbers . so , 12345 might scan as 1235 . 10 scans in a row ( of the same barcode ) might yield one complete scan . ideas ?
does this read the barcode & enter into the excel sheet ?
will this printer handle envelopes ?
did anyone else ever receive ink past the expiry date ? i ca n't believe i just received my 932 black and it 's almost a year past expiry ! 1 16 15
is this printer compatible with a kindle fire ?
how does this scanner perform doing batch scanning of old photographs ? does it damage photos ? how is the quality of the scanned photos ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
looking at a used j435w . i need it to print ( color ) product labels to apply to packages of baked goods . anyone have experience w labels ?
is windows 8 supported yet ?
is this a good cardstock to use with stamps and alcohol based markers such as copic and spectrum noir markers ?
does it have a function to `` mute '' ( black out the screen ) ?
can you still print 2 sided when you use the paper from this 2nd tray ?
does the board come with a marker tray ?
can i use xl catrige for this printer ?
do these labels have the removable bottom tab receipt ?
are these phones compatible with comcast sevice
it says on product details `` refill kit for hp 564 hp 564xl ( non-oem ) '' is that mean i can not use hp original cartridges ?
what is the range for the height of the chair from the floor to the bottom ot the seat cushion ? i am particularly interested in how high.
can i use it on my windows 8 os ?
are the drawers transparent blue or just clear ?
are there adjustable shelves inside the cabinet ?
can it be used as a laptop stand for daily use ?
is this a genuine samsung toner or an after market refill that comes with a chip ?
will this monitor arm work with imac 21.5 '' ?
what is the size of the bible cover ?
does it work with windows 7 ?
from 500 clientman : is the `` duplex '' function full auto ? side 1 prints , the machine takes it back , and prints side 2 , lvg it in the bin ?
time to first page out ?
i want to scan fine art drawings , both b & w and colored . is scan quality accurate , detailed ? good color ? does it produce a quality , high dpi file ?
is this a pigment ink printer and does it print well to sublimation paper so i can create good quality t-shirt prints ?
how do you load the 11 x 17 paper in this printer ?
is this a color printer
are these pencils made in the usa ?
is there a pull out shelf under the center of the desk for a computer keyboard ?
can you email directly from the printer ?
what is the size of this form
does this work with ios7 version ?
can this works for scanning receipts ? have any one used it for scanning receipts ?
will this product work with a flat bed scanner or do i need to purchase another scanner
will this slide holder work with wolverine f2d-14 ?
is it battery or plug-in ?
it seems to be only one left in stock . could you please provide color pattern and nib size ?
is this scanner compatible with ios 8.01 .
can you scan multiple pages to a single file ?
two questions : is the fax function hard wired ? on a scale of 1-10 ( with 10 being best ) how does it rate in photo printing ?
is this printer capable of duplex scanning copying from the automatic document feeder ?
how tall does this thing get . different chairs have different heights . how high up does the actual seat get ?
is this ribbon compatible with lift off correction tape ?
work in power outage ?
what is the advantage to the keypad unit versus the same model without the keypad
can the cordless handsets be mounted on the wall ?
does the bluetooth work with ipone6 ? how many cordless hand sets does the base support .
does this scan both sides at the same time ?
is this a 1- sided or 2-sided scanner ?
can i use it with a mac and a pc ?
is this for sure english to spanish and also spanish to english ?
is the cover lightweight like a paper back book ?
where is this machine made ?
which is the maximum thickness that it can cut ?
will this work with ingenico iwl250 ?
ergotron now shows this model takes 24 '' monitor screens is that true ?
would this work with imac retina 5k ?
ca n't tell from the photo , but is the paper tray on the bottom or is this a top feed ?
when ordering name plates , is the holder included or seperate ?
does the box bring 5 pairs of covers , meaning all covers needed for 1 chair ?
i have a mac . i just ordered this and the operating disc that came with it does only works with pc . what can i do to fix this ?
will the slide out keyboard handle a laptop ? will it pull out far enough to use the laptop ?
we are making wedding invitations and they are double-sided with color . will this paper work so we can print them from our home printer ?
how can this shredder be only 6.9 '' tall ? the photo sure does not look like that . has the height and the depth been switched around ?
what size usb connector is needed at the printer end ?
includes parker pen adapters ?
does the handset have a speaker phone ?
can i use another uniden handset to expand this phone ?
can i pair this cordless phone with corded at & t cl84102 ?
does this phone have a headset jack ?
can you use both handsets at the same time during a phone conversation ?
can this phone be connected to my fax machine ?
are these 6.25 inches wide or tall ?
does anyone know if this stand will support 1-s24c450d ( 24 '' ) in center and 1 s27c450d ( 27 '' ) on each side ?
is the interior big enough to fit regular sized file folders ?
how do you resolve the b200 and u052 errors ?
my cart is ripping at the seem i have n't even had mine for a year . any suggestions
what is the status of google voice with this device ?
does it work with windows 7 pro version ?
does this printer have a manual feed feature ?
is this wireless
any assembly required and does it fold flat ? any pictures of it flat ?
do the wheels come off ?
i just received the new retina imac 27 `` with vesa mount , total weight about 21 pounds , so think this stand would be very compatible ?
is it compatible with mac ? does it works with prezi presentations ?
can this be connected to an ipad ?
are these badges reusable ? can you easily change out one name with another name ?
what is its size ?
what is the difference between j825dw & j835dw brother mfc
just received . is there a tutorial to put them together ?
how do you change the display from `` math '' ?
what is the measurment of the seat ?
does this machine has two paper tray ? i want to use different paper for different printing . need two trays .
will a ce505x replace ce505a in a laser jet 2035 ?
is the quality good enough for pictures ?
is this drawer metal steel ?
there 's a 100 % cartitech quality guarantee on this toner . what exactly does that mean and if there 's a problem with the quality , what do i do then ?
will this work with workforce 3640 ?
is it wall mountable
how thick is the pen ? i own a lamy fountain pen , i 'm curious how wide the circumference is for this pen without the cap .
is there a way to fill the ink supply without buying disposable cartridges ?
which eraser do you recommend for this board ?
how easily do these bend ?
does my main phone have to be uniden or does this just plug in wall to charge and work ?
is this a speaker phone ?
does this read letters as well as numbers ?
ordered an extension rca dect 6.0 accessory handset rca-h5401re1 . but it does n't work with this unit . what extesion does ?
is the ms2015 the same as the at & t 1070
can both bases be mounted on wall ?
can a wireless headset plug into it ?
can i connect this machine to my interenet modem and then to the base phone ?
does this phone have a connector for headsets ? if so , what type
speaker phone
is the dcx390 compatible with the the d2997 phone .
will this phone be able to direct incoming call to leave messages for 4 employees that are not available at the time of call ?
can you turn the speaking from the device off ?
are they sticky on one side or do they alternate sides ? for instance let 's say the top note has sticky on the right side . but the page under that one has sticky stuff on the left side so it looks like an accordian when you pick up the top part . are these notes made like that ? becuase i hope not i really hate those ! notes do n't stay up long because they fold forward somtimes . are they sticky on one side or do they alternate sides ? for instance let 's say the top note has sticky on the right side . but the page under that one has sticky stuff on the left side so it ... » read more are they sticky on one side or do they alternate sides ? for instance let 's say the top note has sticky on the right side . but the page under that one has sticky stuff on the left side so it looks like an accordian when you pick up the top part . are these notes made like that ? becuase i hope not i really hate those ! notes do n't stay up long because they fold forward somtimes . « show less
is this a replacement tray , or an additional tray ?
does it come with the chains to hang the sign ?
ink type
what are the dimensions of each sheet ? apparently one is 12 '' -- call it the `` width '' , then is the `` length '' something like 19 '' like the photo implies ?
can this phone store speed dials ? like can i specify speed dials to skype contacts ?
can it be used with mac ?
will this fit on a herman miller aeron ?
what it the height of the stand ?
is the ink included ?
how many wheels per set ?
does this scanner also operate off batteries ?
how many slides does it convert per load ? is it fast ? good quality ?
will this work with a digital line ?
how do i make it scan ?
can anyone give me an estimate on how much weight a single tab can hold , how how to tabs spaced 6 inches apart ?
is there an expiration date for drums or toner ?
do i need to purchase any additional items for this product ?
i saw someone use this without a carrier , is that ok. if not can you just use a folded piece of paper ?
can i use different companies of laminating papers or buy only `` scotch '' ?
what are the dimensions of this box ?
will this work witha new macbook air ?
does this book also include monthly calendar on a 2-page spread ?
is it possible to use the landline and voip at the `` same time '' ? for example.. i make a call using the landline. , then hang up and call using voip ?
is the handle retractable ?
can the top be lowered and how does this affect the handle ?
it seems i have to frequently fill the ink cartridges even when i only print a few pages . i do n't use the printer for photos . is this typical ?
i am wondering i purchased the mfc8710 and i want to purchase the additional tray . is the lt-5400 black .
is there a by-pass tray as well ? and if so what is the max amount of sheets will it hold ?
i had a franklin bib-475 and seen this bible which is very similar what are the extra functions that this bible has that bib-475 does n't have ?
what is its size ?
can i print normal a4 paper with this printer , or i can only use this printer to print photo ?
ordered these mats for wood floor at fire station , they have reported that they slide on the floor . any recommendations for keeping mats in place ?
will a sony memorystick pro duo work in the card slot ?
is there anywhere i can get more help or a phone # to talk to someone to figure this out . directions are useless . help !
does this scanner really have a firewire ( ieee1394 ) port ?
please let me know
what are the font sizes ( points ) , specifically how big is the largest font size ?
on a color printer the color is used only as needed is it not ?
would you say these pockets are capable of holding a good amount of paper , just a few sheets ? or a small stack ?
if the printer says i need more black ink , what product should i buy ?
can the wheels be removed to be a stationary chair or would that scratch the floor ?
does it cover the 2014 nec ?
the corded base hopefully mounts on the wall . if it does how is it powered , by an adapter ? if so how long is the cord .
how to remove clear plastic covering
how thick is this binder - total outside thickness
what is the average yield of this cartridge ?
is the cup holder a mesh material to hold pencils ?
will the cp400 paper cassette work with the cp800 selphy
is this difficult to assemble ? if yes , what kind of tools are required for assembly ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
does this scanner come with any software for file management ?
can i use the obi202 obibt to connect my vtech landline phone 's bluetooth input ? so i can select bt on the vtech handset to use google voice thru obi ?
is this scanner windows 8 compatible ?
is this for top tear checks , or side tear checks ?
is it flat ? helpful in traveling with small briefcase ?
will these work for the canon mg5420 ?
do i have to have a home phone to fax with the canon pixma mx 439 ?
can i bind a 5.5 '' by 8 '' document ?
a driver for os x yosemite ?
does it print two sides ?
does thie machine have the ability to act as a scanner for a pc ?
what printer cable do i need ?
can we get a demo video to show me this exact item please ?
can you use colored pencils ? can it sharpen triangular pencils ( thick ones ) ?
could these be used on hide ? would you be able to wash off the hide by using a grease busting soap ?
is this compatible with lexmark printer : interpret s405 ?
would this work when im laying sitting upright in bed ? i use my lap top in bed . or is it better designed for sitting in a chair situation ?
is this ink pigment based or dye based ?
ink usage
can i use it as plun play or do i have to do the cd set up first ?
can i use this printer to print from 3 different computers ?
does it have a cyrillic keyboard ?
can i speak a word in english and get back a translation in french or must i input via a keyboard ?
how big is this device i need to know the size
what are the dimensions of this shredder ?
is using oiling sheets as good as using oil ?
is this phone wall mountable ( kx-tg454 ( sk )
do you have to have a cell phone plan with this ? can it just run off of wi-fi ?
set text larger
i need a machine that has emv and is also certified . does this maching meet those requirements ?
how do you calibrate color on a mac ?
will it print on canvas ?
can it produce searchable pdf without the need of a computer ?
im reading 600 page yield counts but im not quiet believing it . is this arbitrary info rather than actual fact ? so i can print 600 full color pages ?
does lc 103 bk xl refillable ?
are these catridges compatible with brother printer mfcj870dw ?
my new machine wont print , is there something you have to take off on the print cartledge ?
is the original hp warranty valid ?
if this item is programmed , and then the power turned completely off . does the same programmed message display when the power comes back on ?
does the cash register need to be hooked up to anything ?
what are the comlete outside deminsions of the clock - hxlxd ?
works with 32-bit windows 7 ?
this `` looks '' perfect . i 'm wondering if i have my laptop on top in the tilted mode , what 's to stop my laptop from sliding off the stand ?
is it new and does it come in its swarovski box ?
how well does this print posters and photographs ?
i print black and white mainly . will it print without color ink cartridge ? or how about emptied color ink cartridge ?
could you please let me know big it is ? does it fit on a pocket ?
i purchased this recently and there are only two note pages at the beginning of the planner not any during the months , is this a misprint ?
does it have place on both ends for drivers license ?
is it pocket size ? will it fit in jeans pockets ?
what are the dimensions of the seat ?
how wide is the cabinet
printer make color copies ?
is the ink waterproof and can be used outdoors ?
what kind of bulb does it need ?
3.5 inches height seems too small . can this item hold a book that is 10.5 inches long ?
will this work with the scx_3400 serie
anyone try this out with iphone ? quality of pics any good ?
needle keeps popping off every time i try to shoot a barb through . any advice ?
does it come with something on the ends to make it easier to roll out ?
this is the standard cq893ab1k as detailed on the hp website ? ( 1gb ram , etc. ? )
dear all , please tell me if this calculator package includes a so called `` quick reference card '' , the hard coated paper inside the protective case ? thk
does this machine have an auto-off feature ?
how do you remove the trash bin ?
what bags do you use with this shredder ?
are the tabs plastic ?
hello there . would this work for a e710n printer ? many
are the hanging file frames included ?
i 'm looking for a quiet click . are the buttons noisy or make a loud audible click when pressed ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
is this for epson xp 860
what would be the best photo software to use with the ( epson b11b207201 epson perfection v37 color photo scanner ( b11b207201 ) scanner ) .one that you can resize the pics to all one size without loosing clarity , one you can write captions on photos , one that can be put in a slide show with various options.also approx how many 4x6 high definition pics can you store on a disk ?
is it compatable with windows 8.
i have a pack of standard international cartridges , not a pilot brand , will they work in this pen ?
i ordered one of this cartridges in the past and it did not work . how do you know this time it will work ?
a tn 750 is supposed to fit my 5470dw as high yield . do these cartridges fit my printer ?
will the frixion gel refills fit a dr grip pen ?
why is my color printed so faded ?
any suggestion on how much weight the pegs hold ?
how do i change my printer settings from plain white paper to glossy photo paper ?
can this printer handle card stock ?
how much space do you need on the back of your desk to clamp this onto the desk ? i only have 2 inches of space to attach the mount to . is that enough ?
16 pin or usb cable ?
is t lexmark ms310d wireless
does it take card stock ?
i 'm contemplating buying f2d20 or similar ... can i put finished product on a cd ?
will this ink cartridge work with lexmark all in one x5450 refurbished printer ?
my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is active ( i guess ) . my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is ... » read more my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is active ( i guess ) . « show less
how many pages per letter ?
is it compatible with the samsung clp-310 printer ?
does this type of paper work for aloha pos system ?
do the sheets have perforated edges so that we can tear it out ?
will it print wireless with imac & imac pro & hp windows 7 ?
what batteries does it take
are the 920xl compatible with hp 6500a printer ?
do these cartridges come with the chips on them ?
can you use the ooma handset in addition to your regular handsets or do you have to use one type or the other ?
are these waterproof ?
i can only see a picture with slanted base . can i adjust the slant or make it lie flat if i want to ?
is that a 2 sided printer
what exact model ink cartridge is `` in the box '' ? the 800 pg standard , 2400 pg xl or an `` under-filled `` one time ?
is this product good for seniors who are not tech savvy and very shaky fingers to communicate and see their kids who live away ? is it user friendly ?
how do i personalize this
is the labels are self adhesive
i 'm a pen and ink artist on a budget . does this printer produce prints that would look nice framed and matted on someone 's wall ?
what are its dimensions ?
is it work for model mf4770n
i have many godfather hats , will this handle them ? size 7 3 8
is this actually a brother brand item or is it just a `` compatible '' item ?
is this plotter software mac compatible ?
do they work in the hp deskjet 2540 ?
do the handsets have a headphone jack ?
are the installed ink cartridges starter cartridges , or are they the full ink versions .
how is this on curled pages ?
would like to know why this model is $ 100 less than the x576dw ? is it just the printing speed or are there other features that are different ?
my imac is os x yosemite . will this all-in-one printer function properly on my imac ?
is it able to make multiple single pages into one document after it 's scanned , or will it scan multiple pages as one document ?
will it acept remanufactured ink
ipad
the pos wireles is ? operate in venezuela .
will it work for my epson xp 310 ?
is it wireless can i print from my ipad
is this printer compatible with windows 8 ?
are there mac drivers for this thing ?
i do n't see a back paper tray - can you print on cardstock from the bottom tray ?
does this printer have a scanner ?
can this scan while fully open ?
what country does this notebook made from ?
does this work for the canon pixma mx922 printer ?
how many photo sheets do you print approximately with all new cartridges ?
does it hold an ipad in the portrait position well ?
is this a hard or soft surface . is it like a felt pad or a hard plastic ?
what type battery does it use ?
does this register come with ink toner & printer paper ?
what is the material on the surface ?
will this fit an hp officejet pro 8625 ?
as an artist i need to know what length and how sharp is the point when sharpened ?
how many months will the cartridges last in a printer before drying out ? expecting low volume , will they dry out before i use them up ?
does this work on hp office jet 8000 , not the wireless model ?
does this come with the legs ?
what versions of windows does it work with ?
does it have a steady feature or does the light always blink ?
my printer gives an error message saying that the cartridge is non-hp so the printer will not work . printer is officejet 8500
does this model work with the first generation ipad ?
what type of battery
if i put plastic sheet protectors in this ( in the rings ) , would the sheet protectors hang slightly out of the side of the portfolio ? or do they fit ?
what does `` pu leather '' mean ?
venezuelans used to count tickets ?
does it fit the canon mg 6320 ?
if the color ink runs out can you still print b & w ?
is this windows 7 compatible ?
does this device rely on xmpp , which google is ceasing to support for google voice on 15-may-14 ?
how is this different from the ti-84 plus and is it worth getting this or a regular 84-plus ?
what type of sim card does this need ?
i do n't see the instructions how to use this product . how do i use this ?
does it include the software and hardware ?
how many lines are on each page
is it hard to set up and scan to individual files
i want to fill in various fields on a computer screen using text scanned . can this act like an input device and put text into a line on a form ?
can you clarify ?
what is the capability ?
can this be cut to size with normal household scissors ?
i have some records that are a little bigger than 12 '' . the box dimensions say 13x13x13 , but is that the actual usable interior space of the box ?
is the box cardboard , wood , plastic , or ?
how many shirts on a average could this print ?
does the needle fit on any standard syringe ? even 1 ml syringe ?
does it fit the canon mg6320 ?
is the reset chip also working on an european model scx3405fw ?
is the chinese traditional or simplified ?
are there shelves in the bottom cabinet or is it one big open space ?
does this work with elavon ?
how short can this stand be ? i want one 11 x 2 1 2. is this one close ?
is a `` rapid feed '' or multiple slide feed attachment available for this device , to allow sequential scanning of more than 4 slides at a time ?
is this item to use label maker brother ql- 700 ?
how many different colors are in the set ?
gamer mouse pad
does the chips work for the b411d printers ?
does it work with d7560 hp ?
is it compatible with hp photosmart c309a
what time card is used with this model ?
is there room to use a mouse on the surface next to a typical laptop
how many phones does this allow ? just 6 ?
where is the passcode ?
i have a five year old dell inspiron laptop . do i need some other adapter than hdmi ?
what are the dimensions of the top of this desk ?
time keeps changing from daylight savings back to standard as soon as you receive a call . how do you correct ?
wireless printing from my macbookpro is flaky ( works on-and-off ) , is there some obscure setting i need to tweak ?
will this auto-duplex 11x17 paper when used with the hp 7610. ?
how long does it take to convert slides to digital in the wolverine f2d20
does this cartridge fit model hl 5470dw ?
could these be used to write on white t-shirts and glow under blacklights ?
is this the japanese version ?
i 'm five feet tall ( or five feet short ) -- will this work for me as a standing desk or will it be too tall ?
this box work with samsung phones ?
does this come with the mounting hardware attached ?
does the phone have a plug-in for wired ear set ?
how do you put in the battery cell ?
can the color screen be customized to any degree beyond a few pre-installed wallpapers ?
does this have a voice mute option ?
will this ribbon fit a remington quiet-riter ?
i received the 'essentials ' today.. however there were no instruction or paperwork to tell me how to access the digital download that is advertised ?
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
can it be used outside ?
does it work with new united states $ 100 bills ?
is it ridged or flexible ?
do the hanging file folders fit in this box ? if not what do i use for file folders ?
how many incoming lines will it suport ?
will this work for windows 8
can you just replace the black toner when it runs out and not have to replaced all 4 ?
will this replace the drum ( s ) in a mfc-9340cdw ?
does canon program the cartridges to `` expire '' regardless of ink toner level remaining like hp does ?
is the cartridge refillable ?
is this a two line phone ?
are the cartridges included ?
does this printer work with korean language ? what kind of material are these labels ?
does this printer support variable-length labels ? what vl label stock should i use ?
does this come with a 220v power adapter ?
can you laminate numerous pages one right after another or do you need to wait ?
so people who were already using obi with google voice prior to may 15th can still use it , but new subscribers can not ?
does this machine have a fax function ?
printer front says 3512 , back info says 3510 and the cd that came with is for 3510. i 'm afraid to try to install . is this right ?
does the magnetic name tag come with the magnet as well or are they just the nametage with the magnetic backing and no way to hold them on ? -
can you cut them to make smaller tags ?
will this attach to a glass door ?
is this adjustable to a height that is comfortable for someone over 6 feet tall ?
is there a refill of r 20
can i connect this to my home network with an ethernet cable ?
does it come with toner or do you have to buy it separately ?
google cloud print ready ?
can i scan and save to my mac via wi-fi , or does that require a hard-line connection ?
can this be used as a replacement or is it only for new customers ?
will it fill the wrappers with the correct amount e.g . 40 quarters to a 10.00 roll ?
i gather that you can cap this pen to the top ?
is the inside blank ? do they come with envelopes ?
can you dial out regular calls from the pendant or just the emergency numbers ?
does the scanner function allow you to save in pdf ?
i see most posts say this is a quiet printer , but one post states very noisy ? opinion again ?
may sound silly , but does the scanner stop working when the ink runs out ?
is the clip on the pencil metal or plastic ?
what is the size 0f each one ?
could you please tell me what color this medium planner is ?
what is the actual size of the planner ? everyone says small , but how many inches actually .
is this product 16 '' deep or 12 '' deep as stated on another site for same cabinet
how thick are the decals when applied ?
will this work with magicjack ?
it can be used in a wf -2630 ?
does this pen have ink in it or do i have to buy ink ?
what model and item # are the cartriges ?
i waii want to get this for an old remington standard typewriter but when i measured the reels are 3x3.would these work ?
is the day and date displayed for the year 2014
is this land line only ?
i have been admiring quite a few of your fountain pens , im just not sure how to go about loading thismone and other jinhao pens you have
can i buy a program for this cutter that will work on mac ?
is it refillable ?
does this scanner convert documents to editable text ?
can this scale be considered portable ?
is the tray removable replaceable ? ( for e.x . when changing shifts etc.. )
is the drawer removable to come out of the case ?
does the base unit beep when there is an unread message ?
is this handset compatible with the cl8303 cordless system ?
does this machine come with crimping pliers ?
is this epson ink ? or is it different brand of ink ?
can this be used with the yealink t38g as an extra handset ?
how many pages does itcut at one time ?
what 's the footprint of the printer ?
model 41730 cylinder replacement
will this work with an andoid cell phone to access book data over the net from amazon and other sources ?
dose this automatically stop when the wrappers get full of coins ?
what business card size can fit inside ?
i hope it 's not printing that company 's logo that is showing in the picture ?
will this work in my mf 4800 laser printer ?
what are the diminsions of this file cabinet ?
this product comes with it included ?
what toner does it use ?
are these the round clear stickers ?
i lost a cord , where can i buy one ?
what safety lock features are on the shredder..ie , will the shredder work if the basket is pulled out ?
do these cartridges basically fit most pens of larger circumference ?
it says 2.3 pounds on the item weight , but 13 pound on the shipping weight , its there any mistake on the shipping weight ?
are these recognised by pixma mx922 printers ?
do these cartridges work for the mg-7120 ?
are these complete sets for pixma mx 922 ?
it looks same with montblanc starwalker . is that pen a fake version of montblanc starwalker ?
what colors
i want to messure for this atomic digital mod. # 88909
does it scan handwriting ?
is the journal made of genuine leather ?
are you able to manually enter credit card information on this machine and able to run multiple transactions , as many as 50 in a single batch ?
how large are the rectangular holes on the walls and floor of the cart ? if i put an apple in the cart could it fall out ? what about a peach ?
is the cable sharp ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
will this work with wifi signal alone or does it have to be plugged in to the internet modem router ?
can the 32 x 24 be hung vertically or horizontally ?
is assembly required
is the monthly dayminder ( sk200 ) above for 2014 ?
can this calendar open flat like a wire bound one ?
does this work with the ip-p28-vp ?
is wallet calendar available
does this have telephone and address pages ?
is this available for 2014 ? if so , how do we request that when ordering ? thnak you
the item description says that the calendar shows 3 months per page , yet the photo shows one month per page . please elaborate .
what is the cover made of ?
i 'd like to post this calendar on my fridge . does it come with magnets ?
i 'd like to post this calendar on my fridge . does it come with magnets ?
is this 8 wide by 11 long ?
does this refill have monthly tabs ?
is this dated or can it be used for any year ?
is this exactly like the item # 44275 that i purchased in 2012 ?
if papers written w this pen are stored in a place that is wrm and enclosed does the ink disappear ?
does this support qr codes 2d barcodes ?
is this the 2014 full year refill pages in classic size ?
is this size the one for the `` classic '' ?
i only need to replace my black cartridge . any way of distinguishing black from colored cartridges ?
what ink cartridges do i buy for these pens ? is the 25 pcs jinhao internation ink what i need ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
how much does it weigh ?
is it large enough to use sheet protectors or will they stick out ?
is there a stand on the back so that it can stand on it 's own ?
does the button have the phrase `` it is what it is '' on it ? if so , can it be removed ?
i have a fairly light writing desk that but can accommodate the spec . 's of the erogotron . what does the ergotron weigh ?
will this size fir franklin covey 's compact binder ?
i 'm trying to locate an email address to contact you . on the order i just placed can you please send any color ( s ) but orange ?
do these cartridges have a chip that will allow me to see ink levels ?
how do you turn it on and off ? is there a controller that controls just the spinning and one just for the light ?
can i scan using the paper feeder on top ?
can you print out document files like pdf 's ?
does this printer have a straight-through paper path ?
how long does it take to warm up
whats in the box
when will this product be available for mac ?
is this printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
what size monitors fit on the arm
does it have call waiting ?
can nozlen hold a poster of 14 '' x 24 '' x 1 16 '' thick ?
who is the narrator
what type of ink cartridges does this printer use ?
is the doorbell wireless ?
is it compatable with 2009 dodge challenger srt8 ?
do all headsets announce collar id ?
i test apps on tablets ( without cases ) . do you think this will hold 1-2 tablets ( ipad , tab s ) and will the little lip thing cover the home button ?
if you are a person who counts your pages : how many pages are you getting from these eps cartridges ? if you are a person who counts your pages : how many pages are you getting from these eps cartridges ? « show less
can the laptop tray itself tilt in multiple angles as well ? if so , is there a maximum angle ?
how high is the lip on the end that holds the laptop in place ?
when this printer manufactured and is this the latest as far as the model in these series
does this come with cartridges ?
help me to decide , this or ti nspire cx cas ?
how deep is it ?
is this a padded portfolio pad ?
is the seat level or does it slant forward ?
how confortable is the seat ?
can you open up the lid to the glass and lay an open book on it to scan a page ?
do you think this might work on the harness of a black cat who has the tendency to find new hiding places in our motorhome thus delaying our travels
has anyone tried the old tz series tapes in this ? i have several left from an older model and would like to use them . tze vs tz type ?
is this for 2014 ?
does it work for macbook pros ?
how many tabs are included in this item ?
can you also use laptops with it ?
what size is this ?
2 questions , what is the size of the flatbed ? the other question is does it scan at 600dip or higher ?
my event is on the beach , is the ground spike ideal for sand ? will it hold up to the wind ?
went to basic talk website-read if u lose power -no electricity-router thus dead -then your 911 will not work -not real secure with that -is it true -which is it ?
what size ink cartrages
is this an inkjet or a laser printer ?
does it automatically wake-up from sleep or required to press the on off button when printing ?
will my parents in china pay any fee if i use this card to call them ?
i am wondering how long i can store the sublimation ink before using ? ( shelf life )
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
i purchased this , but it did not come with a manual . is there a place to download it ?
does it handle cheap , flimsy bond ( copier ) paper without jamming ?
is this an updated version of the jf870dw ?
i want to order the assorted 5 pack of aluminum aluma hard case wallet . will i receive all 5 colors in my order as displayed in image ?
what is the difference betweent he device listed on this page and this device : ooma office business phone system and service
so can i fold them into two folders known as math and eng . such as paper notebook ?
the cartridges come in original box hp , where you can clearly see the expiration date ? or comes in its sealed white bag where the due date is not know
the cable of this device is located in the side ? or in the back ?
will it continue to print in grey scale when the color cartridges are empty ?
what is its size ?
can you scan documents to a cell phone and email them ?
does it work for the 10.1 ipad 2 ?
do you have to use the wireless function ? meaning , can i take the wireless adapter out and plug into our modem ?
will these cartridges work in a brother mfc-j27ow ?
does this printer have a color display on the console or monochrome ?
does this printer print two side of the paper ?
do outer edge mats have finished cut straight edges ? or does this set up come with thin strips that lock onto the outer edges for cut straight edges ?
will this stick to wood surfaces ? i am thinking of putting it on one wall of the tree house . please advice .
does it have to have wifi or can i just use a usb connection . wifi is spotty where i am located .
would there be any problem opening the docs with adobe ?
will it also print documents from your computer ?
is the cover blue ?
do you have a driver for windows 8.1 ?
will these work in a epson wf-2650 ?
is there anybody who tried the ink on epson xp-310 recently ?
1 do you have to use one hand to hold the base on the surface while adjusting the angle with other hand ? 2 what is the width of the book shelf ?
does the software make gigantic size pdf 's ( 5mb+ per page of a b & w document ) or more reasonable sizes ?
how long does the ink last ? if one cartridge goes out , will the other cartridge be allowed to take over or does it block you from printing ?
does this have the hardware included to mount the tv on the bracket ? bolts , etc ?
could you tell me please if this product works on 120v or 220v for european power ?
will this work as a scanner without an ink cartridge installed or if the cartridge is empty ?
will this toner work on a dell b1163w printer and is it 1500 pg yield
does it work on a microsoft surface pro windows 8 ?
what are the dimensions of this ?
is this pure white or off white ?
is this printer compatible with wondows 8.1 ?
does the printer come with a usb cable ?
does it include label printing software ?
can this scale weigh a box measuring 24x18x18 ?
do i remove the vent hole cover after refill ?
does this work with windows 8.1 ?
r u selling everything that is in the photo ( the metal handle and 2 customized circular plates ) or just 2 plates ?
never had an inkjet printer . does 1 cartridge contain both black & color ?
does the 240xl and 241 xl needs to be reset when refilled ?
are these no . 2 pencils ?
which is better ... hp deskjet 1512 or the hp deskjet 2540 ?
my omnitech 10 sheet cross cut paper shredder stopped working , is there a trouble shooter info available ?
does this mat have a textured finish similar to the realspace all pile 45 '' x 53 '' chair mat ?
if the batteries die is the information lost ?
i finally figured out how to work these pens but does anyone know how to install the refills ? i ca n't figure out how to open them up .
does it come with ink cartridges ?
what ribbon do i use for that typewriter ?
approximately how many files folders fit in each drawer ? (
can you use these pouches in a swingline gbc laminator ?
does this mount work with 19 '' flat screen tv 's ?
how far back can it lean ( tilt ) ? my current chair supports 350lbs but does n't lean back very far , i did n't know if this is common for 350+ chairs ?
at the lowest height setting , what is the measurement from floor to arm ?
i just need to replace a base landline phone that is old and not working . will this phone be sufficient for that ?
where can i get a power supply for the usb hub ?
how big of laptop can i put on it
what kind of material the top layer , is it cloth or what ?
does a new 1163w come with a usb cable ?
does this integrate with windows outlook contact manager ? or with salesforce ?
how well does this print # 10 envelopes ?
is it compatible with samsung tab 2 10.1
does n't say core size anywhere , would it work with 3 '' core tape ?
can someone use this as a smaller standing desk ?
does this system have a intercom ?
how many mm are lines dots spaced ? also how many lines per page ?
can it print over wifi while connected via usb and or ethernet ?
can i leave this unlocked or does it automatically lock ?
my desk is 2 '' thick . will the desk clamp still fit ?
is this better than the jumbl slide scanner ?
will this work with the d40 ?
will this scan both sides of the sheet or will i have to turn the paper over
1. does the number lit up during darkness ? 2. how many recently received calls call history can we check ?
can you stream music from your iphone to it ?
what is the difference of hp 564 and hp 564 xl
will these work with epson xp310
do the drawers extend fully ? or do have to squeeze you hand to the back to reach something for the last 1 4 of the drawer ?
i ca n't find the uattend user manuals setup guides anywhere on the uattend site or anywhere else . need to see a pdf copy before purchasing . help .
it does n't seem like the one mounting spot ( middle of the handle at the top ) is enough to hold the weight of the paper . would i be able to put a screw at each of the top corners through the material into the wall , or it is hard plastic ?
anyone know where to buy the red 3 4 '' cut pad at ?
how far can the wireless units be from the base ?
does it scan multiple pages at once ? with a feeder or one page at a time ?
has anyone tried this on a mfc-j875dw ?
will these fit a brother® hl3170cdw wireless color laser printer
are these pens slim like the swarovski crystalline lady pens or more like the regular swarovski pens ?
will this support an imac 27 '' ? 2014 model ?
uncaged ergonomics ' website indicates the chair has been improved with greater cushioning . is this updated version what i will get from amazon ?
can i print texts from a webpage with this ?
what 's the warranty on this shredder ?
what 's the height of the chair back ( i mean the surface you lean to ) ?
can this phone field calls from different locations and transfer them back ? is voip the requirement for this feature ?
paper jamming on cannon pixma 532 ?
which is true ?
amazon says this is a `` newer version '' of canon pixma ix6520 inkjet printer . i need the graphics ability of x6520 but in a wireless printer . anyone know if this one is truly equivalent to the x6520 in terms of quality of output ? amazon says this is a `` newer version '' of canon pixma ix6520 inkjet printer . i need the graphics ability of x6520 but in a wireless printer . anyone know if this one is truly equivalent to ... » read more amazon says this is a `` newer version '' of canon pixma ix6520 inkjet printer . i need the graphics ability of x6520 but in a wireless printer . anyone know if this one is truly equivalent to the x6520 in terms of quality of output ? « show less
does it contain ink converter ?
has anyone had problems with their printer not recognizing the replacement cartridges ?
does anyone know what wireless headset would work with this phone ?
does it fax ?
does this work on epson expression xp-211 ?
i ordered the popo printer but it came with korean instructions how can i get the instructions in english ?
is it sturdy enough to lift the entire cart full of groceries up the two steps of a bus ?
does it detect counterfeit usd ? is it portable - like chordless ?
will it work with a galaxy note 3 ?
is it compatible to 220v outlet ? i mean , is this a free volt electronic ?
is the software included in the $ 398 ?
what is the flat length of these rubber bands ?
does it work out of the box ?
do u have the option of scanning at lower resolution ?
does this come with the sticker zink paper ? or is the paper included just the normal non-adhesive kind ?
are these compatible with ny workforce 3530 ?
does the credit card dvd slot also do micro-cuts , or are they larger pieces ?
i am getting a usb device not recognized error when i plug the device into my usb port . do you have a solution to this issue ?
what kind of batteries do these phone use ?
does a wall mount come with this ?
how is the clarity on the answering system ?
does this phone has mute function ?
does this include a converter ?
is this a laser printer ?
can this handset be used with a bluetooth headset ?
what are overall dimensions of printer ?
good photo printing
the `` whats in the box '' for this specific printer says includes usb cable & toner . true or not for $ 52.43 ?
does this printer work with the mac os x 10.10 ( yosemite ) operating system ?
i have a desk that is 19 '' deep . i understand the dimensions are 27 '' deep , but how much desk table space is actually needed ?
is this portable for vehicle use ?
re : previous ? can see on tv before hit scan button or only after scanned ?
does it do a good job on envelopes ?
we want to order the printer epson wf-7610 all in one printer need to know what is the ink cartridge required for this printer to order please .
can the adf scan both sides automatically ?
does this printer do 2-sided scanning ?
i ca n't seem to find if it comes with starter toner or full cartridges ?
how close does the cell phone have to be to the base unit
