what do you use to write on the leaves that can be wiped off ?
could you fit two file folders in one pocket ?
is this a pocket chart or just some cards for a daily schedule ?
i am assuming that this sits on top of the desk without falling over ?
i 'm wondering about the line spacing . how many lines on a page ? is it more like a wide rule or college rule journal ?
what kind of binding does this planner have ?
is the paper thick or thin ? will marker bleed through ( specifically copic markers ) ?
how big is it ?
what is the size of one cube ?
does it come with more holiday cards than what is pictured ?
you say it is a regular book binding but is it hard cover or paperback ?
how big in inches is this calendar when opened up ?
where was it made ?
will this use amazon product b00000k135 ? desc .
how do you calculate the monthly payment on a loan ? say $ 100,000 at 4.5 % for 30 yrs = ?
does this calc have a floating decimel feature ?
is the display easy to read without picking the calculator up ?
is the age that important
are the numbers fully visible on the screen ?
will this work on a color laser printer ?
will this cartridge work with the canon pc 170 copier ?
does this calculator have a time value of money function ?
will the brother fax275 work with hp printer envy
expired ?
works with hp officejet v40 ?
is this double-sided ?
once i put my medicare card in one of these pouches , can i get the card out ?
which type of battery is required to this calculator ?
are the buttons soft touch or hard plastic ?
how do you suppress sound ?
do the keys work correctly ?
does this allow for typing in german ?
will this work well on textured walls ?
would it work on cork tile squares ?
how do i get the red protective tape off the second adhesive surface ?
what is the size of the item ?
how do you use the template with apple pages on an imac ?
are the labels glossy or matte ?
would these be appropriate to affix an actual photo to ? could they then be used for stationary to write on inside ?
will these labels work with the d 1 handheld maker
are n't there 30 separate sheets ? how does `` perforated '' work with these pages ?
will this paper work on an hp envy 5530 printer ?
does the tray lock into place when pulled out ?
can this printer print graphics such as pdf documents or images ?
do i need to buy a cable to connect it to the jack i have in my room ?
does this come with the cord ?
does it translate to from spanish ?
is this a remanufactured cartridge or an origional ?
does this calculator come with batteries ?
is this printer compatible operational with the microsoft surface tablet ?
what is the exp date on hp 11a printhead the box .
is this toy wall-mountable ?
would this work on laser ( color ) printer ?
memory ? i bought one this year and it has memory even after turning off , but i bought another this week and it does n't retain a number . has anyone experienced this ?
does it require electricity ?
i need paper with the feel of magazine paper -- a `` coated '' thin paper with bright color capability , for inkjet printing . will this work ? othr suggestns ?
does it come with memory capability ?
i am wanting to use this paper for water bottle labels . will this work for that ? i have a brother mfc-j6910dw printer . has anyone had experience ?
this machine is een purchase for an impaired vision can he plalce a letter on the glass and it will be magnified on a screen so that he can read ?
does this phone have a feature indicating that there is a new voicemail message on a telecom provider 's voicemail service ?
does it work if you get your phone service through a cable company ? anything special need to be done ?
do you have c9721 too ?
can you please give me the expiration date on the box ?
does this phone have an external electric cord that must be plugged into an outlet ?
can i print boyh sides ?
will you guarantee that the cartridge will not be past the expiration date ?
what is the expiration date ?
when the plantronics s12 headset is connected to this phone is the sound quality good ?
does it have an audio jack to plug in a headset ?
what is the maximum scanable size in inches ? can it at least scan an entire 8.5 '' x 11 '' page ?
is the toner included , ? or i have to buy separately ?
do these require a carrier sheet , or do they feed directly into the printer ?
is it compatible with windows 7 ?
is the printout dual color ?
would this sit pretty solid holding a small whiteboard as i write on it ?
is this adjustable to make it higher ?
do you have the exact packaging as pictured ? little girl on chair ?
is this like the old ti 92 qwerty graphing calculator ? my old ti92 calculator finally broke and i am in desperate need to replace it . does this voyage model replace the old ti 92 ? i mean ... .is it just as good or even better than my old one ?
any idea if these are waterproof at all ?
i have a 14 '' laptop would it fit underneath ?
does this slide back ( under the desk ) or simply pivot ?
can you run afterburner click 'n design on windows 7 or 8 ?
can the ink catridge ( selphy kp-108 ) be seperately purchased , without paper ?
can this phone be plugged into the house telepone jack or it needs any special devices to connect ?
will this scanner work with windows 7 professional .
am i supposed to remove the plastic covering from the bottom ( presumably to secure the pad in one place ) ?
i am thinking of buying the amazon basics shredder for $ 49 and want to buy the oil . can the fellowes powershred performance oil be used with this ?
would it be stackable if i bought 2 ?
is this wide sturdy enough to support a few video game consoles ?
does it punch through lamination easily ?
is the blade self sharpening ?
does this have a space for email addresses ?
is the ink red ?
is this time clock battery operated or electric ?
does this machine calculate daily ?
how tall is the box ?
what is the size of this book ?
does this product come with the manila files that are inside the box ? are there dividiers inside the box ?
are these top or side loading ?
dry erase
do these protectors have holes for putting them into 3-ring binders ?
what are dimensions
does this timeclock print the date on the timecard as well as the day of the week ?
which pen refills can i buy for this telescopic pen ?
the write up says that it is 14.5x13.5 but people are saying that it 's 16 x 16 . , that 's a lot of difference depending . sellers what 's the real deal
having a terrible time w achilles trade . connect buy : may i please specify a red & a blue in an order for 2 ?
is this card stock paper made in the usa ?
does it work on the ipad mini ?
will this refill fit inside a paper mate power point contour grip pen ?
will the f-301 bold refill fit in my f-701 pen ?
is this skrip ink ?
i bought one of these and then lost the screws before i had a chance to install it ! can someone tell me what kind of screws are needed for this , and how many ?
is it a number 2 pencil
will the lead hold up to a heavy hand ?
what colors come in this set ?
is there any difference on quality and color shades for usa made and mexico made prismacolor set ?
does this book have a fold area on cover where you can stuff small cards etc !
will this work to hang name tags on school lockers ?
is it quite when using the tape ?
there are several different listings of the same erasers from the same papermate seller , but a different cost ? what is the difference between them ?
anyone knows if the eraser will erase the ball point ink marks ?
looking for a marker to get a signature on the back of an ipod 5 that wo n't fade from handling or moving in and out of my pocket , will this work ?
what is the dimension of the eraser ?
would this stapler be suitable for a 5 1 2 year old ?
are they made in usa ?
is there a way to adjust the `` intensity '' so it does n't punch the staple through 2 sheets of paper ?
can you use 3 8 '' staples ?
will this fold glossy paper ? they say digital paper , but does it really ?
is this a 6 pack ?
how do you set the time , date , year , etc .
will this hold clear sheet protectors ?
is the watermark very visible ? do you see it rather easily , do you have to be looking for it , or do you have to hold it up to the light to find it ?
can i use this paper to print business cards ?
is this cart 100 % aluminum ?
how many boxes are included ?
can you enter secure data ( such as passwords ) and use a password so no one else can see the info you entered ?
can this be used with a cold laminating machine ?
are they clear plastic or the `` cloudy '' `` canvas '' type of plastic ?
is this a soft or hard cover ?
is the quality of the paper similar to that of card stock ?
is this white or clear like transparent ? i need a clear one that 's usually used to cover the bottom top of a small perfume package ?
does it come with the pins ?
how many sheet total ? and how many labels per sheet ? and they can stick to a piece of paper or bag ?
i do n't have a landline at all -- will this still work ?
do they seal okay ?
does it have a backspace button ?
i know the description states for up to 21 in monitors , but wondering if anyone has tried larger ? wanting this for my 24 inch and want to still use speaker stands on sides ? monitor is 24.5 inches wide . i know the description states for up to 21 in monitors , but wondering if anyone has tried larger ? wanting this for my 24 inch and want to still use speaker stands on sides ? monitor is 24.5 inches ... » read more i know the description states for up to 21 in monitors , but wondering if anyone has tried larger ? wanting this for my 24 inch and want to still use speaker stands on sides ? monitor is 24.5 inches wide . « show less
how do you get the post-it note to come out easily ?
is this 1-3 4 '' or 2-1 4 `` looking for the 1st one .
will this work in a 2005 kodak easyshare photo printer 500 ?
how far off the floor does the rubber begin ? and how tall is the rubber ?
would this eraser fit the pentel express mechanical pencils ?
3.5 x 6.6 x 7.3 inches . i have booklet that is 7 '' wide . is this rack 6.6 or 7.3 inches wide ?
how high does this unit raise the pc off the ground ?
does it have a hold button ? if it does can you put someone on hold and then buzz the intercom to let another person know who 's calling ?
are they top or side loading ?
does this printer require a disc ?
is it compatible with win7 ?
how long does it take to dry on a non- pressure drain pipe ?
up to what size paper will this trimmer accommodate ? 12x12 ?
is this made of metal ?
i 'm debating whether to buy this `` textured '' card stock or the avery regular card stock . can anyone compare them for me ?
is this paper suitable and thick enough for color photos on a copier ?
do these bleed through notebook paper or other thin papers ?
what is the year that this goes to if i purchase in 2015 ?
do the colored tabs come off so that i can replace the colored tabs with clear tabs ?
can it be set up to punch 3 holes with 70 mm spacing ?
will this mount directly to drywall instead of hanging it on a cube wall ?
is there any kind of protective mechanism to shield the blade when not in use ?
will this model accept 14 7 8 x 11 '' paper ?
does this paper fold easily ?
how many toner come ? just one or two ?
how to fix a paper jam ?
does this have voicemail ?
are there any princess phones made by another company , one that does not have cancer causing chemicals
bought this phone 2 yrs . ago . just plugged it in as the receiver connection is were the static is coming from . ca n't replace the cord . what do i do ?
what is the distance between the bottom shelf and the keyboard tray ? also , how far out does the keyboard tray extend ? tia !
are the pages numbered ? if not , is there a black n ' red notebook that has numbered pages ?
is the back cover the same as the front ?
how long is the paper clip ?
could i use this to cut card stock ( say three sheets of the thickness of index cards ) ?
do you have to use thermal paper ?
it says `` up to 1.5 inches '' , is it adjustable down to 1 '' ?
so which is it : usb connector or female serial ? description says either or
is this calculator programmable ?
what toner type does it take ?
what is the expiration date on these ?
when it says `` recognize both sides of business card '' does that mean it does it at the same time ?
is the back of the file cabinet finished ?
does it fit in a cup holder ? does it clip to something ?
will the push pins stay in with the weight of a necklace on it ? that 's what i want to use this board for-jewelry
what is the ren number of this phone ?
compatible with windows 8.1 ?
does the phone indicate how many minutes you have been talking ?
can this tape be used on a xe-a-102 electric cash register ?
what type of warranty comes with this printer ?
what does this printer comes with ? cords at least ... ? anything wrong with the printer ?
i measured the tapes that i have without dispensers ... ... they are 2 inches , not 3 , will this work for them ?
are these cartridges compatible in the lexmark 7300 series ? i usually but them at best buy , but they are very expensive there . please advise .
does it come with a stamped warranty card ?
multiple lines
what number cartridge doesthis printer take .
only have 9 1 2 inches from front to back under my desk.will the brackets fit and hold the tray being atached in so close an area ?
what is the maximum clearence from the bottom of the drawer down ?
what is its height , width and depth in inches . what are the dimensions of the inside of the drawer , please ?
i have a crossbar under my desk , so there is only about 10 '' from the edge to install something underneath . will this work ?
does this phone come with everything you need to mount it on the wall ?
why are there 3 slots for ink , but manual list 4 cartridges ?
has anyone left this cart for an extended period ? did it rust ?
does it run with a macbook with yosemite ?
is this appropriate for a 12 year old ?
which cartridge does the lamy al star use ?
is this a left-handed pen ?
i 've heard there is the possibility of labels fading 6-12+ months after printing . has anyone had issues with labels they created fading ?
can i use pins or tacks on this board , or can i only insert items behind the ribbons ?
is this wireless , wifi ?
does this printer ( hp laserjet 1320 ) work with mac computers ?
pictures i see of brother labels , a black portion shows on each new label . is this a file photo issue ?
are these ql-700 compatible ... ?
does it come with the black plastic cartridge ?
do you still have the att 945 ?
does this pen work with rite in rain gear - in that it writes in wet enviro , does not run , smear , etc ?
so it works and is usable ?
do these fine markers work well on stained glass coloring books ?
are they oil based ?
does this come with the applicator ?
can you remove the dvd tray and just use the box for general storage ?
do these mics work with a regular soundstation 2 ( # 2200-16000-001 ) ? thx
is this label the same label format as the avery 28669 cd labels ; just more of them ?
does this work with mini cd dvd ?
what 's a tab ?
can the printing function be turned off ?
are the shelves removable ?
does this work with a digital phone service ?
does it have a sliding sleeve that fully retracts ?
does this machone fold a4 size papers ?
is the clamp removable ? and does it cut mat boards ?
i frequently use hp glossy presentation paper . it is 48 lb . any idea as to whether this machine would handle this well ( without a lot of jamming ) ?
i want to use these on a ribbed tank top . has anyone tried this type of fabric ?
will this cut thin paper - art tissue which i use for collages
will this cut glitter paper .
would this be sturdy enough to set a cpu on it to keep it off the floor ?
does it come with any paper ?
will it time stamp a kitchen food order ticket being that they are not hard paper stock ? in other words is thermal thin paper going to work with this machine ?
can anyone tell me how wide is the bottom as i intend to use for restaurant menu ?
can this fit over a 3 '' partition ?
is it 1 or 2 refills for $ 9.80 ?
can this support a brother hl-5170dn laser printer which weighs 32 pounds ?
is the ink cartridge in color
is the entire back of the pocket adhesive ?
does this work on hp photosmart 2610 ?
are the numbers big enough for the person to see easily ?
can you tell me the approximate length of the power cord ? and is the end a small 'regular ' type plugin or the larger square type plugins ? space issue
do you have a suggestion as to what audio interface to get ?
can the marker tray be excluded from the assembly ?
are these attached on the long side or the short side ? what i mean is , which way do you hold them to open them ?
what are the overall dimensions for the book ... would it fit in an average purse
is the barrel metal ?
we have a conference room , approx . 30 ' x 45 ' . being technologically challenged , would this phone work for this size and what is the set up process ?
does this polycom 2200-16000-001 phone come with the power supply 2200-16020-001 included in the package ?
how many years is it good for ?
automatic photo feeder i bought the epson 2480 scanner in a limted ewdition with an automatic photo feeder several years ago -- the feeder is worn out ... can i place this adf in its place ?
what is the printing cost per page ?
can i used it on a moderm ?
network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way of detecting the printer , perhaps through a program called bonjour . i can not locate this program on this computer , though , and the only downloadable versions i can find are for windows . does anyone have any advice ? network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way ... » read more network compatability with mac os x 10.4.10 ? having just received this printer and set it up , i am trying to connect wirelessly to it from my laptop . my impression is that the laptop has some way of detecting the printer , perhaps through a program called bonjour . i can not locate this program on this computer , though , and the only downloadable versions i can find are for windows . does anyone have any advice ? « show less
can these sheets be cut so instead of one 10 ' long piece i could have 2 5 ' long pieces ?
so really . 200 plus dollars ? why is this so much better than the $ 12 version that does the same ?
are these good to use for 3 graders to use for school ?
is the ink water-based or alcohol-based ?
can you copy an existing disc graphic and put it onto the new disc to have a back up cd or dvd ?
is this phone really `` white '' as described or is it really `` off white '' or `` tan-ish '' colored ?
does phone have caller id ; if not , can anyone recommend ?
what shapes are included on the chart ?
how is the height of this thing only 8.5 inches ?
power surge ?
can this be cut down ?
what size are the eraser refills ?
will these survive a plane flight ?
who makes them ? made in the usa or china ?
are these presentation covers punched or unpunched ?
does this visualizer have a vga port ?
can i mount this phone on the wall even if i do n't have the wired-in wall-mounted jack ?
looking at this for $ 50 . does it come in orig . box all accessories , manual and power cord ? what does n't it come with from orig box ?
can it be used with windows 7 ?
are these glossy or matte ?
does this phone have a mute button ?
can you enlarge copies with this printer ?
just to verify . is this the fx-300es or fx-300es plus ?
color fidelity color compatibility bewteen my epson stylus 2200 and dell 2000fp ultrasharp color didplay monitor increasingly off the mark ( worsening over time ) . any chance that the epson 2400 offers significant improvements from the printer end ? color fidelity color compatibility bewteen my epson stylus 2200 and dell 2000fp ultrasharp color didplay monitor increasingly off the mark ( worsening over time ) . any chance that the epson 2400 ... » read more color fidelity color compatibility bewteen my epson stylus 2200 and dell 2000fp ultrasharp color didplay monitor increasingly off the mark ( worsening over time ) . any chance that the epson 2400 offers significant improvements from the printer end ? « show less
is it blank on front side or does it have pre-marked lines to write addresses ?
what is the throat depth of this stapler ?
is the height of this item really 12 inches ?
is this cartridge standard capacity
problem with the new cl-41 cartridge . tried everything i.e . cleaning and realigning head to no avail . color prints faint . canon pixma mp160 printer
will this calculator solve for x ?
what is exact diameter of sheave ?
what is the run time for the 160mx ?
i 'm trying to retrofit a rolltop , and i have 23 3 4 inch width that the keyboard tray needs to fit into . will this tray work ?
does it have an option to feed in multiple photos for scanning ?
what is the distance fully extended ? i need a reach of more than 15in ( 15-20 ) to reach past other monitors already there ... ?
how many inserts come with this ?
how many copies can i do with this cartridge ?
windows 8 compatable ?
scanner does this model have a flat bed scanner ? if it does , how well does it work on text ?
is the canon 104 compatible with a canon mf4150 ?
how many pages per mintute ?
which carrier sheets will work with the scansnap s1300i ?
is it compatible with apple
why will not my printer print photos ?
does this model still work with mac os9 ( as did the 5610 i have that now does n't work ) ?
what 's the upc on this item ?
what is the maximum height ?
ouside use ?
will it work with win 8
what are the dimension of the keyboard tray with the mouse pulled out to the side ?
what is the actual out depth of this box ?
can anyone tell me how to remove the plastic covering on the tape .
are these stickers `` acid free '' ( i need to document old photos and need something i can stick on the back of them ) ?
what is the warranty ?
is the cork board able to be mounted in both portrait and landscape positions ? or is the board only able to be mounted in one of those styles ?
is it a color cartridge
how much does this stick out from the wall ?
will this work for a 940c printer ?
is this twain compatabile ?
is there any problem with layering the labels , or should you remove any previous labels before applying a new one ?
hi . what is the back of the board made up ? is it the corrogated wood cork board-type material ?
what are the dimensions of the desk ?
is there a box ?
does it come with a usb cable ?
will this hold more than one document ? could you put a photo in the top portion ?
question about size : i was thinking of dropping my tablet ( 9 '' x5.25 '' ) plus a smaller kindle in here . possible ?
dimensions listed are 28.8 x 7.5 x 17.5. is that 7.5 a misprint ?
how doesthis unit work as a baby monitor ? i need a monitor to put in my house when we are away and want to give each of my neighbors a receiver to hear any intruders . would this phone system work for that ? any replies would be appreciated . how doesthis unit work as a baby monitor ? i need a monitor to put in my house when we are away and want to give each of my neighbors a receiver to hear any intruders . would this phone system work ... » read more how doesthis unit work as a baby monitor ? i need a monitor to put in my house when we are away and want to give each of my neighbors a receiver to hear any intruders . would this phone system work for that ? any replies would be appreciated . « show less
tcx905 - can it be mounted on the wall ? i already have tru9466 base and additional phones . although this is a two-line phone , we now have only one line . would like to place a wall mounted phone in the kitchen that is compatible with the tru9466 . tcx905 - can it be mounted on the wall ? i already have tru9466 base and additional phones . although this is a two-line phone , we now have only one line . would like to place a wall mounted phone in ... » read more tcx905 - can it be mounted on the wall ? i already have tru9466 base and additional phones . although this is a two-line phone , we now have only one line . would like to place a wall mounted phone in the kitchen that is compatible with the tru9466 . « show less
uniden tru9465 i recently received the uniden tru9465 base and single handset . i am wondering which of the accessory handsets is compatable the tcx905 or the tcx905 t9 series ?
i have windows 7 64 bit os , will this product work on my machine ?
the 2 front brackets can be moved in & out , but can they go up & down ?
is this really 12 inches or is it closer to 12 1 2 ?
is there a cover on the pad ?
i this product appropriate for mounting photos ?
fax phone auto-switch problem ... . i have thisprinter nad i love it , but there is one issue i am having . i have it plugged into my landline , which i want to use for both voice and faxes . i have to turn it off or unplug the phone cord ( from the printer ) in order to stop the sounds . perhaps i am doing something wrong . anyone know hoow to fix this ? fax phone auto-switch problem ... . i have thisprinter nad i love it , but there is one issue i am having . i have it plugged into my landline , which i want to use for both voice and faxes . i can ... » read more fax phone auto-switch problem ... . i have thisprinter nad i love it , but there is one issue i am having . i have it plugged into my landline , which i want to use for both voice and faxes . i have to turn it off or unplug the phone cord ( from the printer ) in order to stop the sounds . perhaps i am doing something wrong . anyone know hoow to fix this ? « show less
how good ? are brother mfd considered to be the best made for under $ 500.00 ?
could i rubber stamp on this card stock ?
is this just a piece of metal that magnets can stick to , or is this an actual magnet ? i want to stick knives to it , will it hold them ?
which is the weight of this photo paper ? ¿cual es el gramaje de este papel ?
will the included software work with a macpro running os 10.6.8 ?
what mac os 's is it compatible with ?
does it work on macbook air systems ?
does this scan to a thumbdrive or other usb devices ?
time per slide ?
what is the paper weight ?
will this printer work with an apple powerbook g4 10.4.11 ?
hotspots requiring authentication . what will happen with hotspots requiring authentication like starbucks . if i could make calls to the states from a starbucks that would be great just to have the phone without switching on my laptop , but i dont think it will work at most hotspots that require authentication . is there any way around it ? hotspots requiring authentication . what will happen with hotspots requiring authentication like starbucks . if i could make calls to the states from a starbucks that would be great just to have the ... » read more hotspots requiring authentication . what will happen with hotspots requiring authentication like starbucks . if i could make calls to the states from a starbucks that would be great just to have the phone without switching on my laptop , but i dont think it will work at most hotspots that require authentication . is there any way around it ? « show less
does this fold flat for easy storage ?
will it work for 10mil pouch ?
royal antique typewriter ?
how many stickers per pack ?
the picture of the design cards does n't show much detail . are they all abstract designs or are some pictures of things ?
can this be used as a classroom mailbox ?
what are the dimensions of just the inner cash tray ?
can it take verbal commands or type from speech ?
the sleeve around the datebook cover indicates this comes with a note pad but it was not enclosed when i received it . anyone get the note pad ?
will it hold a manilla folder with papers in it ?
will the binding for this notebook flip all the way around ? or does it have to be open flat to use it ?
why does it print garble
is this printer compatible with apple computer ?
how high will the center of my monitor be from my desk when raising it to the highest using this stand ?
will these boxes easily store record lps and are they strong enough for that weight ?
how much does the binder alone weigh , without paper or tabs ?
will the corner stand fit a 17.5 inch keyboard underneath since this has `` legs '' ?
is it useable on cannon pixma1700
does this have a copy function ?
will the scale display grams in 1 gram increments or less ?
does it come with any wrappers ?
is there n option for two crates on one roller ?
i have heard good things on this , now i want to know the bad please enlighten me ?
is this 48 '' x 96 '' or 4 ' x 6 ' , as stated above ?
what are the window location dimensions ?
is the height adjustable at all ?
we have polycom vvx 300 phones and vonage system . will this conference phone work with these ?
is them compadible with ms exchange ?
when the stapler ran out of staples and i replaced them trying three kinds of standard staples including swingline it refuses to feed ?
can you fit a pair of shorts into this ?
would these work for mailing lp records
can it be connected to wifi ?
can these be used to mail cd 's ?
what is the thickness of the bubble wrap ? is it 3 16 or ?
does this phone work with skype now ?
will the device remember the call waiting id ?
does this work with doorking model 300 card readers ?
how long is the manufacturer 's warranty ?
can i use my home phone number ? or dose it need a seperate number ?
what lead size do they need
what are the real dimensions ? is it 11.5 wide or 13.25 wide ?
can anyone tell me how tall the base is ( 1 2 '' maybe ? ) ?
copies come out with black streaks even after replacing pgbk 5 cartridge i have mp 530 and have replaced the pgbk 5 ink cartridge twice and any copies using black and white come out totally streaked and illegible . do not want to have to buy another printer but have tried everything recommended in manual ( clean nozzle print header ) and still the same . anyone else had this problem and been able to resolve it ? copies come out with black streaks even after replacing pgbk 5 cartridge i have mp 530 and have replaced the pgbk 5 ink cartridge twice and any copies using black and white come out totally ... » read more copies come out with black streaks even after replacing pgbk 5 cartridge i have mp 530 and have replaced the pgbk 5 ink cartridge twice and any copies using black and white come out totally streaked and illegible . do not want to have to buy another printer but have tried everything recommended in manual ( clean nozzle print header ) and still the same . anyone else had this problem and been able to resolve it ? « show less
can i just use blutooth to send a picture to print ? like from a iphone ?
printer has heavy ink on photo how do i fix it
do they show as well on white paper ?
so ?
smart panel not working in mac os 10.4.9 ? i installed the drivers and the printer 's happily chugging away ; it was quickly recognized via the os ' `` print & fax '' system preference pane . on my system it 's hooked up via an airport extreme . the problem for me has been the `` smart panel '' application . installing it will give me a menu applet in the menubar ; however , it does nothing . i ca n't click on it ( or , more descriptively , clicking on it does n't do anything -- there 's no reaction at all . went to samsung , downloaded a newer version ( fwiw , no indication as to whether or not it 's universal ) and still nothing .
is this product compatable with a att uverse motorola modem router ?
how do i operate it witjout a manual ?
is it a standard usb cable- easy to replace ?
where is pencil made ?
i want a very light wt outer envelop to mail greeting cards in to europe which weigh .6-.08 0z so needs to weigh .1-.2oz would you weigh it for me ?
are these bubble mailers ? padded ?
is extra packaging required ?
i 'm looking to sell a few things on ebay . how many shirts on average can be fit inside ? as well , how many paperback books ?
has the quality improved ?
will a pillow that is 6 '' deep fit in this bag ?
will a 6x8 flat card fit inside this envelope ?
what size kind of paper is best used with this ? also , does it work with printing photos from your computer ?
are the wheels rubber ?
i 'm looking for a pen that i can keep in my pocket without it having any chance of getting ink on the lining . would this work ?
will this work for el1197p
how soft is it ?
includes cd dvd-rw drive ?
what type of paper is used ?
does this printer have a manual feed like the ip4200 ?
how does this work with keynote and or prezi ?
anyone else have a problem with 4x6 photopaper slipping as it prints ? anyone else have a problem with 4x6 photopaper slipping as it prints ? its starts slipping about 7 8 of the way throgh , you can hear the printhead make a different sound and the paper slips from side to side slightly . anyone else have a problem with 4x6 photopaper slipping as it prints ? anyone else have a problem with 4x6 photopaper slipping as it prints ? its starts slipping about 7 8 of the way throgh , you can ... » read more anyone else have a problem with 4x6 photopaper slipping as it prints ? anyone else have a problem with 4x6 photopaper slipping as it prints ? its starts slipping about 7 8 of the way throgh , you can hear the printhead make a different sound and the paper slips from side to side slightly . « show less
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
does this work with hp5530-e printer ?
does this calculator come with a vinyl cover case ?
does label maker come with labels or do i need to buy separately ?
are the erasers any good ? are they the harder type of eraser ?
i have 3 questions : do i have to use a computer with this . i just want to put it on a desk and make an occasional copy . # 2..what kind of replacement cartridge does it require . # 3 ... .can it print in color and black and white . the one i have now just sits on the desk and does not need a computer . it saves me from going to the copy store . i have 3 questions : do i have to use a computer with this . i just want to put it on a desk and make an occasional copy . # 2..what kind of replacement cartridge does it require . # 3 ... .can it print ... » read more i have 3 questions : do i have to use a computer with this . i just want to put it on a desk and make an occasional copy . # 2..what kind of replacement cartridge does it require . # 3 ... .can it print in color and black and white . the one i have now just sits on the desk and does not need a computer . it saves me from going to the copy store . « show less
is this 4 ply or 6 ply ? or ? i ordered the riverside poster board and it is too thin . i am looking for a thin cardboard . will this do the job ?
how long does the ink last ?
are these envelopes plain ? or do they have the green 100 % recycled mark on the corner as pictured ?
does advantus have a horizontal badge holder ?
does the set come with all of the colors mentioned in the description ?
what is the inside dimensions on the drawer ?
do these markers erase cleanly after a long period of time ?
this says it 's `` cover stock '' , is it the same as card stock ?
is the ink glossy ?
does it work in a home network ? i 'd like for both my desktop and my laptop on my wireless home network to access this printer . my modem is a combined modem router from verizon . will i need to use a switch or can i just plug this printer into the modem router ( or connect wirelessly ) ? does it work in a home network ? i 'd like for both my desktop and my laptop on my wireless home network to access this printer . my modem is a combined modem router from verizon . will i need to ... » read more does it work in a home network ? i 'd like for both my desktop and my laptop on my wireless home network to access this printer . my modem is a combined modem router from verizon . will i need to use a switch or can i just plug this printer into the modem router ( or connect wirelessly ) ? « show less
had to reset , which i did -- now i need to set the clock and date . please advise me how to do it .
where ( in what country ) are supaclips manufactured ?
is this graph paper accurate ?
does it work skype : computer to computer ? or is it best to have a cordless phone next to the computer ?
will the safe sense feature work when hands approach the cd slot as well as the paper slot ?
what size batteries are used ?
does this come with an ink and roll of paper ?
dial up ? what are the local numbers ?
i need a stronger magnet to hold a pet door shut when windy . is this likely to hold against a 20mph wind ?
several reviewers mention no holes for wires in the back . can the unit be assembled without the back panel ( i.e. , would it still be stable ) ?
is it good as a receipt scanner ?
what is the length and width of spline label ?
how do i reset the combination .
is it compatible with hp deskjet f4180 all-in-one printer ?
what is expired date ?
what is the expiration day on these cartridges ?
what is the expiration date , please .
are these hp oem or just empty cartridges filled and packaged to look like hp originals ?
is the spacing between holes adjustable ?
will these work with hp hp psc 1350 all in one printer ?
will it work for 4 numbers ?
can it hold regular side file folders ?
would this embosser be suitable for stationary , envelopes and napkins ? can you adjust the stamp to emboss on the top of the page vs bottom ?
is this a vinyl back or does it actually have an adhesive on it ?
will this stick to rolled canvas paper ?
how much weight can this hold ?
how do you fill the customized stamper with ink ?
can you use it to label clothing ?
if you have three phone lines in the office , does phone line roll over to second line ?
is it a wall phone
how many bags of groceries does it hold ?
does it has a speaker phone feature ?
remote answering system can you call and retreive your messages when you 're away from home ?
mute function i 'm interested in purchasing this phone but am specifically looking for one with a hold function . does this have it ?
will this scanner scan 4x4 slides ?
what are the dimensions of the scanning bed glass ?
how can i adjust the handset volume ?
is there an adapter that would make my lhp7580 pro all in one wireless ?
what are the size of the labels it does not say ?
what is the size of one of these ?
how would you be able to endorse a check
is this good for large volume or only infrequent use
star 150 & pulsar 300 - how do size , quality , & function compare ? is punching mechanism metal or plastic ?
plastic
is this box fireproof
how do you reload a new cartridge ?
how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look okay . ) i 've printed from both publisher ( choosing the grayscale setting ) and photoshop . how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look ... » read more how to print black & white photos ? how can i print 11x17 black & white photos on the epson 1400 without getting an ugly dark green where areas are supposed to be black ? ( my 8x10s look okay . ) i 've printed from both publisher ( choosing the grayscale setting ) and photoshop . « show less
will the lid of this box ( where the billed are kept ) fold open completely ... . so top of box lid is touching the table ?
what is the real phone size ?
will it work with verizon fios ?
why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? why so super expensive ? this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . this is more expensive ( at $ 300 ) than a netbook and three times more expensive than a well rated linksys skype phone . my question is whether this i realy worth the cost ? « show less
does it have a headset jack ?
are the pages lined ? what color does this look like .
can you use this marker on a whiteboard and erase it ?
are these for 2013 ?
can anyone confirm if this has a glossy side ? a reflection of light ?
are these bands covered or just big rubber bands
is this waterproof ?
how much weight can it hold
i ca n't get this tall xl size to fit in my c4480 , although it says it is compatible with the c4480 . any help out there ?
does the refurb register come with instructions and orig box ?
can a photo ( non all-in-one ) print regular docs or only photos ?
does anyone know if this printer will work with a windows 7 computer ?
how many pages does it come with ? can you add more ?
what are the drawer dimensions ?
will this work with pixma my470
does this trimmer cut through light plastic , as in the light plastic folders from an office store ?
what does it come with when you purchase it ?
is it soft or hard cover ?
a previous reviewer ( on april 4 , 2011 ) stated that the cortelco single line wall telephone would not work with a at & t dsl wall filter and rated it one star . has anyone else actually used it in conjunction with a dsl wall filter ? did it work ? a previous reviewer ( on april 4 , 2011 ) stated that the cortelco single line wall telephone would not work with a at & t dsl wall filter and rated it one star . has anyone else actually used it in ... » read more a previous reviewer ( on april 4 , 2011 ) stated that the cortelco single line wall telephone would not work with a at & t dsl wall filter and rated it one star . has anyone else actually used it in conjunction with a dsl wall filter ? did it work ? « show less
how to print duplicate receipt
hp photosmart c4280 . transparency film without sensing strip or with sensing strip ?
does it come with a metal stand that can be seen in the second photo ? if not , where can we buy the stand ?
is this the calculator that ged test allows ?
is it really a full inch thick , as it says in the specs ?
how deep of a desk can it accommodate ? my custom pc desk is 1ft deep . can it work
can you tell me what is the forward back range ? i.e front of desk to rear of desk . tx .
are you able to advise if the chair heighth for the seat pan raises to 23 '' from floor to top of seat pan ?
would the `` double-sided '' tape work on a fridge ?
what size are the squares for each day on this calendar ?
does this product come with holster ?
is it 6 feet high and 4 feet in width , or the opposite ?
can it do legal sized ?
can this ink be used with in a fountain ink pen ?
is this hardback bound or more like a paperback ?
how magnetic is it
is this english or in spanish ?
is this a `` ti nspire cas '' or a `` ti nspire cas+ '' calculator ?
will this binder allow for different document sizes ? if so , is there a range for how small and how large ? for example , 4x5 ?
what type of ac uses , ( 220 o 110 ) volts ?
would the fit a 11.6 lap top crome
what is the maximum width of paper entry ?
is it electric
how wide is this phone in inches ?
is this accurate on oz .
what color are the buuble mailers ?
how long does each pen last ?
is this a wall mounted phone ?
laser
does it include toner cartridges or should i buy them separately ?
when its all together what is the total height ?
is the grip knurling exactly as pictured or is it the newer woods crew style knurling ? thanx
biodegradable ?
what is the ink number and how does the cost compare
is there any link for installation of iris pen express 6
does this deal include a valid key ?
does it have a back up battery to save your info when there is a power outage or when it is unplugged ?
does it have a rectangular to polar key or function that can be assigned to a key ?
what is the page count on the 4070 , please ... ?
can anyone tell me the size of the rings ?
the seat height range mentioned gives only one height . need to know the range , how low and how high can the seat be set ?
can you lock the stool in place if you do n't want it to roll ?
what is ergonomic about it ?
does this eraser fit the 0.7 mm mechanical pencils ( http : www.amazon.com gp product b001ccdgce ref=oh_details_o02_s00_i01 ? ie=utf8 & psc=1 )
do you a smaller size like 4x 6 or note card size ?
is there room beneath the tray to keep things such as an inventory list or small ledger book ?
does the drawer open via a link with the printer when the invoice is finalized ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
is this pen in original box ? pls advise soonest
is the marker tray removable ?
is this speakerphone a full duplex ?
using other software to replace hp does anyone have experince running other photo or ocr software rather than doing a full install of hp sw ? is it possible .
is it the same paper i originally got for my first data fd130 duo mac
is the pad gum backed like sticky notes . i want one that is not sticky backed ?
will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a year and i can not imagine this printer would n't work with it . but i 'd hate to buy it and find out that i ca n't use it . can anyone advise this computer illiterate ? will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a ... » read more will this work on my mac ? the tech specs here say it works with macs up until 10.4.7. does this mean it wo n't work with mine that 's now up to 10.4.11 ? mac 10.5 has been out for about a year and i can not imagine this printer would n't work with it . but i 'd hate to buy it and find out that i ca n't use it . can anyone advise this computer illiterate ? « show less
can these print directly on cd-r dvd-r ? i thought that the ip4500 could print onto printable cd-rs and or dvd-rs , but it does n't mention this in the product description on amazon . can you print directly to cd dvd with this printer or no ? can these print directly on cd-r dvd-r ? i thought that the ip4500 could print onto printable cd-rs and or dvd-rs , but it does n't mention this in the product description on amazon . can you print ... » read more can these print directly on cd-r dvd-r ? i thought that the ip4500 could print onto printable cd-rs and or dvd-rs , but it does n't mention this in the product description on amazon . can you print directly to cd dvd with this printer or no ? « show less
high volume projects w 35 mm negatives ? i am looking into this scanner so that i can scan and digitze several years and hundreds of rolls of film ( color and b & w ) . services are too expensive so i am looking to do it myself but i do not have alot of time to dedicate to the project , i am hoping to do this over time when i can spare an hour or two . is the process for scanning negatives , saving , organizing , etc . with this scanner user freindly and easy ? i am hoping to be able to scan entire rolls of film negatives and then editing later ... is this the right product for me ?
canon pixma mx310will this printer work with windows xp ?
does this scan 35mm slides ? i was about to buy a mp960 to scan 35 mm slides . the mp970 looks like the replacement model , but no mention of scanning slides . anyone know if i have to stick with the previous model ?
will this help make the bump were two pieces of my desk meet less noticeable than it is with my normal qck ?
are they reusable
can you choose the color when you buy it ? do you have pink ?
epson perfection v300 vs. v500 which one ? i 'm looking to purchase one of these , but can not see a big difference between the 2. can someone tell me the difference between them ? i am wanting to scan both negatives as well as slides to archive them for family use . epson perfection v300 vs. v500 which one ? i 'm looking to purchase one of these , but can not see a big difference between the 2. can someone tell me the difference between them ? i am ... » read more epson perfection v300 vs. v500 which one ? i 'm looking to purchase one of these , but can not see a big difference between the 2. can someone tell me the difference between them ? i am wanting to scan both negatives as well as slides to archive them for family use . « show less
ordered the brother mfc 240c refills . after removing the long yellow cover on the end , is there anything else i have to do before installing ?
my printer is an hp laserjet 1022 , how do you keep track of print count on one of these cartridges ?
is this paper self-adhesive ?
paper jam tray 1 anyone have problems with this ? it is not the paper or any fragments of paper and the guides are all in the correct position . it souunds like it is trying to feed but ca n't . help ! paper jam tray 1 anyone have problems with this ? it is not the paper or any fragments of paper and the guides are all in the correct position . it souunds like it is trying to feed but ca n't . help !
is it waterproof ?
is it precise ?
what is the point size of this one ?
what are the dimensions
why is it for men only ?
where are the pens made ?
is this ink water soluble ?
windows 8
what size rolls do i buy ?
will it work well with my hp printer ?
what is cutting mat
will this fit a super 12 model ?
how much wight does it hold ?
does this come with cables ? cd ? manual ?
does it have automatic shut off feature ?
all drawers lock ?
does this work out anagrams ?
what is the height of the track itself ? how far does it protrude from the bottom of the desk ?
can i simply connect it to my modem ? via ethernet cable ?
is it leather ?
will it work on both windows and mac i own both computers , win and mac and want to know if it will work on both machines ?
how big is the bin
how long is the ac cord ?
do i need to buy different parts for this pencil to work or am i set if i just buy this ?
how large is the attachment ?
are the hp74 and 75 combo pack cartridges compatible with the hp photosmart c4480 printer .
are the dies removable so you can buy only the die in the future ? what options are available ( font , die design , etc ) ?
how many lines can we put ( e.g . 3 or 4 ) ? and how many characters per line ?
can i change the dies to use different designs ? they say die holders and i do not know quite well what they meant .
can you make a stamp from my logo ?
does that adjust 5.5 inches below the table just like a 23 inch tray ?
is the leather smooth tanned leather or is it suede ?
would a us letter size paper , folded in half fit inside this ?
how does this compare to the jabra 510 ?
can these be used for purple cow laminator ?
does this cut 11x17 and 12x18 paper as well ?
my cpu is only 13 '' in height . will it fit ?
can you use this with an ink-jet printer ?
can it make copies
ipad printing ?
toner included ? does toner come with the printer or do i need to buy a cartridge also ?
do parker jotters still write upside down ?
what its the best option to use in lycra fabric , swimwear , etc ?
is this brother tn-360 the oem original toner ?
does it require a monthly charge ?
anyone had any experience with that function ? anyone had any experience with that function ? « show less
could this keep a toddler from closing the door ?
would it hold the letter size folders that do n't hang , but just sit ?
magic jack connects to usb . what about directly to router ? i hope their r & d is working on a jack that plugs directly into a router so we do not have to leave a pc on to receive calls . does anyone know if a router version is on its way ? magic jack connects to usb . what about directly to router ? i hope their r & d is working on a jack that plugs directly into a router so we do not have to leave a pc on to receive calls . does ... » read more magic jack connects to usb . what about directly to router ? i hope their r & d is working on a jack that plugs directly into a router so we do not have to leave a pc on to receive calls . does anyone know if a router version is on its way ? « show less
do the side-rails lift up for storage ?
full duplex
do i need a system for this phone or does it work just by connecting to phone jack ? do i need to have at & t service ?
can the base be wall mounted when using a dsl filter ? will the filter fit behind the phone ?
what is a metal tip ?
what 's the date format ? yyyy mm dd ? is the month spelled out , e.g . dec .
is it 100~220v ?
will this printer work with windows 7 ?
my pixma mx 850 will not copy in black and white , but copies fine in color . both black cartridges are virtually full . any ideas ?
who do you buy your 11 x 17 pouches from ?
does this laminator require a carrier or can the pouches be fed directly into the machine ?
how clear is the laminate ? if i put a glossy printed photo through will it look perfectly clear or kinda foggy ?
what cartridges does this printer use
how long can it shred for ? and then how long does it take to cool down ?
how wide are the upright slots on both ends ? i want to know what thickness stack of paper or book will fit in the slots ?
are these 2013 forms ?
is this model programable ?
does this `` ash '' colored phone have a matching long cord that can be added ? how long is the cord that comes with it ?
does the phone have caller id ?
what is the actual size of the letters numbers ?
i 'm looking for a shredder that will cut paper strips to use for quilling . how wide are the strips & are the edges cut straight & neat ?
i just received mine and where is the ink pad ? was i supposed to buy that separate ?
are the skin color included in the set of 96 ?
is it dual voltage phone ? does anyone know if it is a dual voltage phone or not ?
do you have to use staples specifically for this stapler or will the standard ones work . thx
is 14.13 the maximum height ? does this include the casters ?
will it print on my printer ? in color or b & w ?
how many rolls not colums are in a page
are the tabs a to z with single letters ? or ab , cd , ef , gh , etc ?
can you fold the padfolio to write on it ?
would this work vertically if mounted on a wall ? could someone test for me please ?
can this converter be used with windows 7 ?
is it possible to assemble without the rounded handle on top ?
what 's the size ?
to clarify , does the cap fit onto the end of the barrel ? : ) does anyone know of a keychair `` space '' pen where the cap fits on rear of barrel ?
how deep is the chair seat ?
how many copies will this print ?
in the picture it shows the top half with glass doors , is that included ?
what color does it come in ?
when the cap is unscrewed , can it be placed on the top of the pen without any damage over a long period of time ?
hi . i want to take say 50 separate documents - auto feed them through my 300 and end up 50 entirely separate pdf documents . can i do that ?
do you have a scale that shows 1 64 ?
wifi scan will this printer scan across the wifi link as well ?
what does `` return prog '' mean , in the product description ? yesterday i got a cartridge error , and i wonder if it has something to do with this ?
is this ink waterproof ?
please tell me how to scan using the f4280 printer .
what size staples does it use ?
can you leave the shelf dividers off ?
i ca n't get mine to open - they seen to be one solid piece and there are no instructions . are they bad are am i missing something ?
does it translate words or only phrases ?
what is the content weight limit ?
how easily would this desk disassemble ?
the aluminum tubes that connect the shelves together.what is the diameter of the aluminum tubes ?
will this be able to withstand phoenix 110 degree heat and sunlight in late afternoon in a covered patio ?
i bought this pen , the nib often goes dry and i need to shake and drop out some ink then only i can proceed , its really annoying , suggestions ?
i 'd like to install a solar panel to the top of a black cargo box on my van . will this tape hold up to desert heat ( 120*+ ) and driving 80mph ?
will magnets stick to this ?
does it fit hp officejet 4630 ?
how many pages does it print ? the printer box said 600 pages . could it be that low ?
expire date
does this print in color as well ?
does it print labels for cds and dvds ?
does this filing cabinet have a lock and key ?
can this stamp be created with a multicolor ink pad for multicolor impressions ?
i have a widescreen monitor , but not enough desk space for this pad . would i be able to let it stick out over the edge of the desk and still be usable , or will it bend ?
does this printer print two sides ?
what batteries does the casio sl-100l need ?
anyone else get a headache after using mod podge ?
will this adhesive stick to wood ?
are there lots of slots for the dividers to change widths by say 1 2 '' increments ?
wwhat is the length of the 5 x 8 box ?
scan
how many inches are the blocks for each day , on side one and on side two ?
pictures are confusing . the small picture shows tan bands that look like the right size ( 3.5 x 1 4 ) ; however , main page picture shows thin bands ?
this converter fits my sheaffer balance ii please ?
will this pen fit the classic sd knife ? i 've seen one listed as large which i believe is too long . do n't know what this one is .
are the compartments large enough to store the magazines with spines out ?
is this pen heavy ?
mac compatibility does it work with apple , imac ?
anyone know dimensions on this ?
does anyone know if this chalk board is also magnetic ?
about how many envelopes can you use this on ?
without this , will the hp photosmart 7520 print photos ?
what is the expiration of the 564xl cyan ?
i have a photosmart 7525. there are two separate black ink cartridges . one is slim like the colored ones and one is wide for photos.which one is this ?
will it work on contact paper chaulkboard paper ? and wipe off ?
i bought a set of the prismacolor premier soft core but i also want a watercolor set , are these as smooth as the soft cores ?
can i add a second tray ?
how much assembly time per chair ?
will this printer accept rolls smaller than 13 '' , for example will a 12 '' x30 ' roll fit ?
are these rigid or thin and bendable plastic ?
does this dispenser come with a roll of tape ?
is this printer legal capable , and is it capable of determining if a page is legal or letter thru pdf software ?
does the stamper automatically increment to the next number in sequence ?
do i need to purchase a separate coil crimper plier for this or does the machine automatically tuck the coil ends ?
how many years does this date stamp have ?
will it do algebra
is the height adjustable ? how high does the cpu sit off of the floor ?
can this be used as a laundromat scale for dropoff ?
how wide is it
once laminated , is the paper inside permanent ? i 'm looking for tags that i can insert cards into and remove , so i do n't know if this is what i need .
i want to be absolutely sure that the package contains 100 labels for 100 dvd 's ?
are these labels 1x2 5 8 ? or are they really 1x2 ?
will these labels work in a gk 420t zebra label printer ?
is this the tool to hang the clips ?
what size chalk does it hold ?
is it compatible with vista
will the space under this unit accommodate a laptop that is 2 1 2 '' high ?
how do i replace the ink ?
what are dimensions
using the photosmart b8550 printer i would like to make a photographic scrapbook with pages size 13x19 . is this the right printer to do this with ? i would assemble the pages with microsoft publisher with photos of varying sizes and written descriptions . then print the pages on photographic paper . using the photosmart b8550 printer i would like to make a photographic scrapbook with pages size 13x19 . is this the right printer to do this with ? i would assemble the pages with microsoft ... » read more using the photosmart b8550 printer i would like to make a photographic scrapbook with pages size 13x19 . is this the right printer to do this with ? i would assemble the pages with microsoft publisher with photos of varying sizes and written descriptions . then print the pages on photographic paper . « show less
does this device support poe instead of using the power supply ?
will these pens bleed through
is this sturdy enough that i can write on the paper being held by this device ?
will it work for a 5 point badge
can you scan more the one photo at a time and by having a little space between each one will it save each one separately ?
what is the depth of the lower compartment ? i would like to put a computer there , and the computer measures 5 '' wide x 11 '' high x 16 '' deep . thx !
is this compatible with the cp910 ?
is this portable ?
what size refills does this hold
flying jumpers are mentioned in the product description , but are not show in the photo . do they come with the tape dispenser or not ?
will it work with cell phones ?
how many numbers can be stored on this phone
does this phone work on a regular home analog voice line ?
does this printer come with toners ?
is this full of ink 450 page ink ? not a empty or starter ?
are these `` in retail box '' original brother cartridges ?
how wide is the tape ?
can you stack them ?
does the stand have an open back or a solid back ?
is there a wallet compartment attached as well ?
does it hold alot
will a notary book , a stamp , and a finger print pad fit in the bag ?
is this just for a mac or is it compatable to a pc
is it the same as 211xl
european
how much ink does it take to print black and white documents ?
can you print 4x6 images on 8.5 x 11 paper ?
how does it stay in place ?
i have a desktop with a width of 9.85 inches , can it fit in this stand ?
so what type of inkshould i but to go along with the pen ?
what size of letters does this board take ?
how big is the scan bed ? 8.5x11 ?
will this converter work with a mac ?
my chairs are 1 '' round on the front legs and 1 '' square on the rear . i wonder if thest will fill the real legs ?
is this compatible with windows 8 ? is this usb plug in from the printer to the computer ?
how do you replace the ink cartridge on the canon mp980 ?
does it work with windows7 ? has anyone installed this on a pc running window7 ? did it go smoothly ? are you happy with it ?
does this write underwater and on grease , etc ?
what are the dimensions of the basket of the cart when open ?
how much does the cart weigh ?
is this glue sun resistent
is there a plastic cover on the back and front of the binder , or just the front ?
how much width is added to the cpu when it 's in the stand ?
do the pencil shavings come out the opening if you put this in a backpack without emptying it first ?
are these for 3 hole binders ?
is it magnetic ?
can the ink that comes with this printer be used for sublimation ?
will it have `` strongs number and lexicons
do these cartridges work in a brother mfc 6490 wc printer ?
does this work with artisan 730 ?
is the paper white or recycled brownish paper . i need a notebook where the grain of the paper is minimal .
will it remove paint ?
is there an additional paper tray available for this model ?
is it a magnetized so screws will stick or just metal so magnets will stick ?
is it large ? where i live we have a different unit of mesuring . i mean is it at least as big as a normal sized computer ?
some cork boards are too thin for a push pin to go in very far . is that the case with this board ?
is it possible to fit samsung galaxy note 10.1 32gb 2014 edition along with a case such as either roocase origami or samsung book case ?
i purchased this bubble wrap sept. and nov. 2014 -- sold by pro packaging . is it going to be the same excellent quality bubble wrap from valuemailers ?
i want to use this to store my coupons . will this hold the plastic coupon pages that are sold online ?
what keeps the laptop from sliding off the bottom ?
anyone know if the phone supports call waiting caller id ?
good afternoon . also detected euros ?
can you use the labeler and connect to pc to make larger than 1 '' labels via a regular printer ?
are you supposed to remove the clear tape over the ink hole before installing , or does this get puntured when installed ?
will this kingston 4gb ddr # sdram 1066mhzddr31066 pc385 work onmy macbookpro3,1 with intelcore 2 duo
is everyone who purchased this happy with it
how long does the black ink pen cartridge last under ordinary daily use ? and can the pencil store more than one lead at a time ?
could this map be hung using magnets ?
what is the length of the actual refill ?
hi . is this item 37 inches wide or tall ?
will standard manila size folders ( amazon item b00006if1b ) containing documents fit easily into these ?
is it touchtone or a rotary dial ?
dear amazon vendor , can you please give me more details about the 6 x 9 booklet envelope ( box of 1000 ) that you sell ? what is the brand name on the envelopes ? also is it packed 1000 in a jumbo box or 10 little boxes of 100 ?
do the handsets have headjacks and does this phone have `` speed dialing '' ?
what are the dimensions of the machine ?
is it jam proof
the title says 5ml , yet the description states it is 3ml several times . which is it ?
is it possible to reverse the shelves ?
product dimensions are listed as : 13.4 x 11 x 6.5 inches where is the 30 '' measurment coming from ?
does this work for ikea markus chairs ?
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting ?
is this the same as 92 but longer lasting ?
can a fisher fine point refill be used in this pen ?
will it work with a instant screen door ?
how well does it handle photo scans ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
does this phone have a headset jack ?
what batteries are best for this phone ?
i have base model kx-tg7432 . is this phone will be the right one for my base unit ?
is the speaker function fairly loud ? i am purchasing for an elderly parent who is very hard of hearing who uses that feature for the best interaction
the handset that gets the most use is acting up . its blocking calls from cell phns . might this be a battery problem , or must i replace this handset ?
what is the page size ?
( 1 ) does it take both regular and large capacity staples ? ( 2 ) does it hinge all the way open to staple top-down onto a booklet ?
how to use them ?
how many frames are in each box ?
is this hp officejet pro 8500 wireless all-in-one printer a `` stand alone '' printer ?
i ca n't seem to find refil sleeves , any luck yet ?
will this work on polyester ?
when i flip the board it loosens up . can you tighten the screws ?
how much weight will it handel ?
while idle , does this printer make noise to rotate the toner cartridge carousel ? does it sit completely quiet ?
warrantee
how hard is it to mount on white boards ?
is this phone compatible with voice mail ?
how many pages does each ink cartridge yield for printing ?
the printer recognizes these cartridges ?
can it fax ?
i recently just bought these for my canon printer . i use the canon 30 black & canon 31 color . i received these & my printer wo n't read . what do i do ?
windows 7 is the canon lide 700f scanner compatible with windows 7 64bit ?
will it print 4x6s ?
do you cut it or is it perforated ?
how old is it
does it have a built in storage compartment ?
is the display easy to see large fonts and light ?
need batteries for my phones . where can i find them ?
can this phone work with a headset ?
what are the exact measurements of the handsets by themselves ?
does this phone have headset jack ?
is it wall mountable ?
how do i operate the call log ?
mine says searching for base - why ?
is phone display suppose to light up ?
is the caller id backlit ?
does this come with the network version of the software ?
what size is the platform and does anyone have trouble balancing a package on it ? will the weight stay lit for a few seconds after i remove he pkg ?
does this stand hold smaller books ( such as paperback books ) open well ?
will this cartridge fit a pilot varsity fountain pen ?
what is up with the eraser ? every time i use , it goes right back down in the pencil . is mine broke or is there a way to stop it from doing this ?
do these converters are refitables ?
will this ink fit kodak 3200 printer
will this scale read grams like this : 0.48 grams ?
my son 's college dorm only allows art hung using push pins . would two push pins be sufficient to hold a 24 '' rail & poster ?
my poster is 40 '' . can the 48 '' be cut ?
can you provide the dimensions of the section with the monitor ? then the one parallel to it ?
what kind of finished does the black panels have on them ? is it like a glossy black or a matte ?
what does the siemens gigaset sl785 do when there is a call waiting ? i have a panasonic cordless set that has the annoying habit of beeping and _muting_ the call i 'm on several times when another call comes in . can anyone tell me what the siemens sl785 does ? what does the siemens gigaset sl785 do when there is a call waiting ? i have a panasonic cordless set that has the annoying habit of beeping and _muting_ the call i 'm on several times when ... » read more what does the siemens gigaset sl785 do when there is a call waiting ? i have a panasonic cordless set that has the annoying habit of beeping and _muting_ the call i 'm on several times when another call comes in . can anyone tell me what the siemens sl785 does ? « show less
product dimensions list 9.2 x 5 x 0.8 inches . is this correct ?
scansnap vs. neat receipts ? just recently heard about the scanning solution but was referred to neat receipts . does anyone have any comparative data between the two machines ? i understand that neat receipts can scan both sides of a document in one pass.also , it seems that the document handler on the scansnap has greater capacity.what are the user experiences ? scansnap vs. neat receipts ? just recently heard about the scanning solution but was referred to neat receipts . does anyone have any comparative data between the two machines ? i understand ... » read more scansnap vs. neat receipts ? just recently heard about the scanning solution but was referred to neat receipts . does anyone have any comparative data between the two machines ? i understand that neat receipts can scan both sides of a document in one pass.also , it seems that the document handler on the scansnap has greater capacity.what are the user experiences ? « show less
i 'm sure the 53 '' includes the lip . how tall is the lip ? would it essentailly be 45 '' x45 '' without the lip ?
is this a brother product ?
home many cards does it come with ?
is the screen display bright and easy to read ?
does it tell what an abbreviation is ?
is this entirely made of plastic ?
are replcement blades avalable the derwent model 2301934
is this printer compatible with mac computers ?
can i get this overnighted ?
why does n't the s1500m for mac , scan to `` pages '' ? i am considering purchasing the s1500m for mac scanner , but i find it odd that it scans to microsoft word , but not to the apple `` pages '' software ... . is there a workaround for this ? jim why does n't the s1500m for mac , scan to `` pages '' ? i am considering purchasing the s1500m for mac scanner , but i find it odd that it scans to microsoft word , but not to the apple ... » read more why does n't the s1500m for mac , scan to `` pages '' ? i am considering purchasing the s1500m for mac scanner , but i find it odd that it scans to microsoft word , but not to the apple `` pages '' software ... . is there a workaround for this ? jim « show less
does this printer have wireless capabilities ?
from the front to the back , how long is this stand ?
any recommend seller for this ?
can this scanner ocr and scan photos too ? i have 5 boxes of paperwork i want to go paperless with . will the s1500 and software actually ocr so i can just scan everything in and search for it later ? and what about photos ? everything i have is such a hodge podge of stuff ; will i have to sort out photo and certain items separately ? will it even work for photos ? and i 'm sure not , but negatives by any chance too ? i guess this ca n't replace a flatbed scanner for some things but it would help to clear up the office clutter . can this scanner ocr and scan photos too ? i have 5 boxes of paperwork i want to go paperless with . will the s1500 and software actually ocr so i can just scan everything in and search for it later ... » read more can this scanner ocr and scan photos too ? i have 5 boxes of paperwork i want to go paperless with . will the s1500 and software actually ocr so i can just scan everything in and search for it later ? and what about photos ? everything i have is such a hodge podge of stuff ; will i have to sort out photo and certain items separately ? will it even work for photos ? and i 'm sure not , but negatives by any chance too ? i guess this ca n't replace a flatbed scanner for some things but it would help to clear up the office clutter . « show less
is there warranty on this printer ?
does this cart come with the liner ?
are the buttons gummy or hard plastic ?
what is the difference with the fx-9860 gii and the one sd ? which is best ?
i have a pen with a cartridge marked `` hauser bill 707 sf '' will this refill work in this pen ?
what are the dimensions at the base ?
does this machine prints in color ?
are there hooks in the back to hang this ? what is the hanging system and how does it work ?
can i use the usa version and a skype number when i am in mexico to make and receive calls to and from land lines ?
is this a pencil that can be use by an adult as well ? or is the size suited only for children ?
all same color ?
will this printer ( epson artisan 50 ) work with windows 7 ?
i have a dell lattitude e6410 and would this fit ?
compatability with windows 7 i 'm hesitant to buy this because do not list compatability with windows 7. does anyone know if it is ?
can i use 3rd party labels if i 'm not printing postage ?
can it use other brand thermal labels , such as those from zebra ?
how long is the arm rest for aeron chair ?
what type of glue is best to you for this ?
this is like an industrial strength saran wrap right ?
what is the font on this ?
can i change the size of the font ?
is this printer wifi ?
is the ultra premium a lot better than the regular premium ?
how do you restart it ?
will refilling work if the cartridge has been empty ( dry ) for a while ?
is this an analog phone ?
is it made in the usa ?
why does this machine need a `` replacement ribbon '' i have the earlier model -- -probably 20 years old -- that has not needed any replacement ribbon .
to turn on after placing newly bought batteries in , should n't the screen change or something after hitting the power button ? spoke ; spo-ken ; '' etc . i have hit the power button and then menu button but nothing changes the screen portion . does this mean i have a lemon ? i have to state that i spoke too soon regarding this product and will try to do an update later but instructions for me look quite daunting . « show less
negative scans
is this item $ 24 for the 6-pack ? or $ 24 per crate ?
is this product made in the usa
how do you replace a new correctable film ribbon
does it have a power adapter to plug it into the wall ?
what colors does it come in
i 've currently got a ciss system with another maker 's ink ( similar iso ) can i mix the two inks ? thats what will happen when i add new ink .
will this work on an old remington eleven quiet typewriter ?
what is the weight capacity ?
what is the diameter of the spool ?
will the coin counter count australian coins ?
how much can it carry without separating forweard or aft ?
it was not designed to mount on the wall . you might find a way to do it but i don ' know how .
will it work if i use ink from ink-refills compatible refill kit for hp ( black cyan magenta yellow ) ?
never installed stem casters but it seems they need an appropriate sleeve to receive the stem to be installed in the leg first . do these casters come with the appropriate sleeves ? i am making a small kitchen island table with butcher block top and 4x4 legs ... . never installed stem casters but it seems they need an appropriate sleeve to receive the stem to be installed in the leg first . do these casters come with the appropriate sleeves ? i am making a ... » read more never installed stem casters but it seems they need an appropriate sleeve to receive the stem to be installed in the leg first . do these casters come with the appropriate sleeves ? i am making a small kitchen island table with butcher block top and 4x4 legs ... . « show less
does this pencil have an eraser ?
what is the thickness of this pad ? is it skinny like a cd or thicker like a fat pancake ?
can you use an electronic handset lifter with this phone ?
will accept pressuirized fisher refills
what are the requirements for having something written on top be copied through to each page ? will a stamp and or writing in ink work ?
can anyone provide an example of this black red ? i do n't seem to understand what this may look like or means .
do you have to remove slide from the cardboard surround before putting it in machine ?
battrery life
will these inserts fit any 12 x12 binder ?
is there room inside the body to add a $ 20 bill ( or 2 ) in with the ink cartridge ?
what all comes with the printer ?
is this a one line phone or two line phone
what kind of cartridge ink i should buy for this pen , is it easy to use bottled ink ?
do all drawers lock ? if not , which ones lock ?
does this pen use the normal parker cartridges ?
is it battery operated also ?
is this for 12 envelopes or 1 ? the title says 12 , but below in the details it says 1 ?
can you set a frequency so that more than one computer can work separately ? what if you have two or more computers within the 50 ft range ?
how does this feature work ?
how do you recharge the tacky surface when it gets dull and stickless
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
what is the overall dimention of this prduct h w d
how durable is this once it starts getting really full of paper ?
is the screen adjustable ?
does this phone have called id ?
does the pen come with ink ? if so what color ?
when was this manufactured ?
film slide holder for canon pixma 990 the printer does n't include the film slide holder for scanning . could n't find it in accessories on canon or amazon websites . could n't find it in stores ( best buy , staples , etc ) either . could anyone let me know where i can buy them ?
will this work with epson artisan 1430
durability ?
will this remote pause and play videos on windows media player or vlc ?
are the dividers attached at the bottom of it to prevent them from slipping around ?
what is it 's weight
why ooma and not magicjack ?
is the box anti fire ?
is this an oem cartridge or brother compatible ?
does this print b & w if there is not a color cartridge ?
how do you use a refurbished toner cartridge and reset the page counter ?
does this work with waterman pen ?
will it hold a 32 ' lcd tv
is the file drawer set up to hold files and is it capable of being locked ?
does it work for epson xp400 ?
can anyone explain how the belt clip converts to a loop as stated in the description ? or a picture of the loop ?
how do you get access to basket to empty it ?
does this come with cartridges ?
is there a tray for 110mm slides .
is there a device that connects between the elmo and the projector and then into the computer ?
can you read the display when there 's a large box on top of it ?
how are printers changed in printers available box
how do i get the operators manual ?
are the envelopes see through and cheap ? or will they cover the card ?
what is the diameter of the seal ?
what are the dimensions ?
when it 's adjusted to its lowest npheight how tall is it for floor to top ?
do the drawers pull all the way out ?
does this work with windows 7 and i have microsoft word - 2003 on deskstop , and 2010 on laptop will it work in both ?
i use an hp photosmart printer that uses hp 02 ink . has anyone tried this paper with this ink ?
does this print up to 8x10 ?
one says grid up for antislip with chair , one says gris down to keep from moving . which one is correct ?
where can i buy black ink for this ?
is that color or black and white printer ?
does this come with a lock and key ?
with the seat adjusted all the way down , what is its height ? and i mean , the seat where i sit , not the top of the back of the chair .
i need to find a printer that goes with this ink . what brother printers is this compatible with , printers that are currently being sold on amazon ? thx
are these round or hex type
one customer stated he was able to refill 7-8 times with this kit . that seems almost to good to be true . has anyone refilled that many times ?
dimensions and weight
will this scan negatives ?
do both drawers lock ?
what are outside dimensions including drawer handles ?
is it laminate , plastic , metal , wood ?
what is the drawer bottom made of ?
how much weight will the cart withstand ?
does this black ink cartridge work with the kodak hero 7.1 ?
what is the height of this stool ?
do the wheels come off ?
will this phone work in india ? anyone used it in india ?
how to copy landline directory to the new panasonic telephone directory
printer is plugged in w green light on transformer box , but why will the printer not turn on ?
it calls this product `` beige '' , but the picture is dark brown , and when i put it in my shopping cart , it shows a picture of it in green . which is it ?
i just asked how deep the drawers are . i do n't mean front to back , i mean how tall are they ?
is the display angled ?
how can i get instructions for use of calculator
does it come with the power cord or batteries ?
is the actual sharpener body , not the cover , made of magnesium alloy or is it plastic ?
what is the advantage to getting the ion pics 2 sd versus the ion omni scan stand alone ?
can you push this cart in front of you or do you have to pull it behind you ?
will this convert 110 & other older negative sizes ?
if i order this package from amazon , what is included ? do i still have a monthly surcharge ? if so , what will it be ?
is this product 40.5 inches or 37 '' high ?
is this an orginal hp & 8a or a refill
does this have side panels for holding hanging file folders ?
will they hold boxed set lps ?
i use a plantronics wireless headset with my office phone . will this still work if i plug it in through the handset as directed ?
does it light up to show what line is ringing ?
are there tabs for the beginning of every month ?
is this phone wall mountable ?
how many pages of plain notes are in this book ? are they in between each week ?
what does original mean ?
can this unit be paired with a bluetooth headset ?
is there a lip around the edges to contain what is in the cart ?
sometimes the card is n't lined up with the right day it seems like it does n't pull it in right away . any suggestions on how to adjust the time clock ?
can you use this on the office jet 4500 printer ( uses a 901 cartridge ) ?
will this printer work from a wireless signal from my iphone4 ? i am looking for a wireless printer that will work from my iphone4 without any other items involved other than a power cord plug in . the iphone4 will transmit a wireless signal . will this printer work from a wireless signal from my iphone4 ? i am looking for a wireless printer that will work from my iphone4 without any other items involved other than a power cord plug in ... » read more will this printer work from a wireless signal from my iphone4 ? i am looking for a wireless printer that will work from my iphone4 without any other items involved other than a power cord plug in . the iphone4 will transmit a wireless signal . « show less
will it scan the old 2 x 2 sized slides with the 1 4 `` cardboard frames on all 4 sides ?
will this fit the newest scanner
how many magnets are there ? where on board is it located ( i.e . top middle , each corner etc ) ? how big is the magnet ?
can you use this for making warning labels 4x4 size and how good will it hold to metal
does this come with the sd memory card included ?
epson 200 xl
does the printer allow you to print 2x3 photobooth prints ?
is the black ink cartride necessary to function properly.i boughtthe epson 124
is the bottom shelf wide big enough to hold a 3 n 1 printer ... .. ( they are a little bigger than usual printers )
does this link to square register wirelessly or via usb hub provided with square register ?
can you print letters with this item , or only numbers ?
will the labels work on frozen cold packaging ?
is the sim slot locked on this device ?
is assembly required ?
can it be used with a car seat ?
do you have to buy the covers ? and if so what kind do you get ?
can you use this folder to fold a regular size sheet of paper in half ?
how many pages can you punch at once ?
does the printer come with one ink to start out ?
scanner failure
is this a 6 ring binder and does it have refills available
does anyone have experience installing and using this system on an epson rx 595 photo printer ?
gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is correct ? gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is ... » read more gray ink cartridge for canon pixma mg8120 canon website states cli-226 gray cartridge is compatible to this printer . amazon states this cartridge is not compatible with this printer . which one is correct ? « show less
what is the expiration date of the ink tanks ?
how many cartridges are in the pack ?
is this ink edible ?
can you stack two of these on top of each other for a double cabinet ?
cable
how far of a forward angle can it be tilted and locked , how many degrees ?
will this cut heavy ( almost cardboard ) type paper ?
can you use the intercom to call all other handsets by pressing intercom or can you only call one intercom at a time ?
can it be used when it is folded or does it need to be opened up to be stable ?
hp color laserjet
what would be a great way to hang this map besides thumbtacks ?
how does this memo board mount onto the wall ?
what is the page size for the address book hallmark add1119 refills ?
does this work with windows 7 and 8 ?
.
does it need a power outlet ... ?
can anyone tell me what minimum size desk i need to suppor a single workfit-s and not have it all topple over or unstable ?
i need an adhesive to glue dog fur on a outside plywood dog figure . will this hold in humid or rain conditions .
are the labels permanent or removable ?
i purchased from you and another company at the same time . they arrived together . is yours packaged in a sealed black bag ?
how will this work with a tall person ( 6'-6 '' ) ?
toner ?
the drum is working fine ( no lines , no fading ) , why do i have to replace it ?
how many copies can a brother tn420 toner make ?
does this toner work in the 2270dw models ?
how can i double-page print with it ?
can it fax
can it print 8x10 pictures ?
what is the length of the barbs that come with the tagging gun ?
does this phone have a wall mount ?
weight calibration ? the instructions say to use a 30lb weight to calibrate the scale . how can i do this without spending too much money ? smaller packages were off by a few ounces and my 8 lb package was really 6 lbs according to usps.any thoughts ? weight calibration ? the instructions say to use a 30lb weight to calibrate the scale . how can i do this without spending too much money ? the instructions say to use a 30lb weight to calibrate the scale . how can i do this without spending too much money ? smaller packages were off by a few ounces and my 8 lb package was really 6 lbs according to usps.any thoughts ? « show less
is the chalkboard magnetic ?
how thick is the board ?
how many pages will it print
can this be purchsed fully assembeled ?
i replaced all ink cartriges . black was n't working before and still is n't . i 've cleaned the printhead 6 times . still no printing in black . help
can employees us the last 4 digits of their ss number as their entry codes ?
? does it have a scanning function ?
what kind of usb is used to connect the laptop to the stand ?
what is the range of expansion ?
i 'd like to be able to scan an item into the search field at amazon to bring up a product listing . will this scanner do the job ?
if the batteries are replaceable , how are they replaced ?
are these compatible with a canon pixma mp530 printer ?
is this printer wifi capable ?
are these purchased individually or are they in packs of several ? if they are in packs , how many boxes are in a pack ?
what paper size setting should i use so i can print my message inside ? or is there a template ?
i frequently use hp glossy presentation paper . it is 48 lb . any ideas as to whether this machine would handle this well & without a lot of jamming ?
how exactly does this mount under the desk ? my desk has a 3 '' that is thicker in front , and i 'd like to know how far back or forward this can mount .
does the printer have any ability to print directly from mobile devices ? does it copy ? does it scan ?
is it really necessary to replace this drum when u get the warning message ? can u just reset the counter . i have the mfc-9970cdw . still hasgood copies
is there a monthly fee with this time clock ?
can you scan multiple pages into one file ?
how can i use ? do i need software ?
what are the maximum character lengths per line of customization on these stamps ? different per line ? different per stamp type ? ( rectangle vs. round ) my main concern is that i have a 13-letter long last name ( and 6-letter long first name ) . i 'm just hoping they 'll all fit on the same line ... : - what are the maximum character lengths per line of customization on these stamps ? different per line ? different per stamp type ? ( rectangle vs. round ) my main concern is that i have a ... » read more what are the maximum character lengths per line of customization on these stamps ? different per line ? different per stamp type ?
will reset t060 cartridge ?
how is the basket ?
does this printer have automatic 2 sided print ?
can i use this on cross dubai fountain pen ?
is this portable ? can you collapse it and take it in a backpack , along with the laptop ?
does this model include a magnetic stripe encoder ?
how fast does it print ( ppm ) ?
does this printer work with mac ?
why has my scanner started having a line on the scanned photo ?
what is the max height of the arm - meaning how far up can the top of the vesa part go ?
when the battery charges can i expect to turn on the unit a week later and have enough battery to do a couple of labels ?
mac compatible ?
is the screen back lit ?
will this work in a brother mfc-9840cdw ?
does this dictionary use cantonese chinese or mandarin chinese ?
do the drawers lock ?
can anyone tell me if this phone have caller id announce ?
how high can you raise the seat ?
which cartridges does this printer use ( black and color ) ?
how many business cards does this hold ? theresa woliver
can you engrave a small logo next to the name ?
does the cabinet come assembled ?
is this new or manufacture refurbished
is this producct made of cheap plasticc or is it a metal stand ?
are these printed on card stock or regular paper ?
how is this shredder emptied ? does top come off or does the basket have to be pulled out and emptied , leaving shredded paper around the machine ?
we have more than 100 employees . this one is only for up to 25 ?
are these for year 2013 w2 ?
does anyone know if the printer comes with a printer cable ?
what does `` manual feed size 11x17 paper `` mean ? you have to feed one page at a time ? how many 11x17 pages can be hold at a time since no tray for it
does the kx-fl421 come with an ink cartridge and if so about how many copies pages will this start up cartridge print ?
by the description the chair measures 30.3x25.2x13 . so what is 13 inches ? seat width ? seat depth ? i 'm confused by this small measurement ?
arm broke after one month . is a replacement part available ?
would these be good for night club entrances to mark people ?
are they all keyed alike or seperate keys and locks ?
would my 23.80 '' l x 9.80 '' w x 22.80 '' d tower fit on the shelf ?
how to open stamper to replace ink pad ?
is it a 24 volt register
i just received my cartridges today and my printer says it is not detecting the color cartridge . how do i fix this ?
how does this universal shredder compare to royal 1840 shredder
how do you refill ink cartridges with these ? does it come with directions ?
does this actually lock both drawers or only the top ?
how tall is this filing cabinet ?
what printer does this fit ?
i 've read that some have received this product flat and others rolled in a box . i prefer this flat , can you guarantee this ?
what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch thick .250 is a quarter of an inch ! this was measured with a micrometer . what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch ... » read more what is the thickness ? this is usually expressed in mils which are thousanths of an inch . the one i have now is .165 the one i am looking at on another site is .200 .200 is almost a 1 4 of an inch thick .250 is a quarter of an inch ! this was measured with a micrometer . « show less
i have a logitech ergo keyboard that is 10 '' front to back at it 's deepest and 19 '' side to side . will this tray fit my keyboard ?
what size paper fits in this notebook ?
i am looking for lockin patient chart files . will this accomodate smead chart files ?
is the storage tray removable to slide a 17 '' laptop underneath the stand ?
0.5 or 0.7 ?
can you scan more than 1 page and still group together as one file ?
weight capacity ?
would these grips work for an older student to remediate pencil grip ?
does it have intercom ?
i need to order a replacement part , please tell me how
i may need to scan larger pieces of artwork than 11x17 in sections , so can you scan with the lid open ?
does this label maker work with the mac ?
is this scanner twain complient ?
will these work with mfc-j4620dw ? i have n't purchased the printer yet because i want to make sure i can get affordable ink . any other suggestions ?
is cis cartidges work on epson artisan 800 ?
how high is it from the floor to the seat ?
does the caller id have a date time stamp for each call ?
is this oem ?
is there a key to program a discount ? or how do you put in a 40 % discount on each item
product dimensions ?
is there a rear upright paper feed on this printer , or only a cartridge ?
does the light blue fabric show dirt easily ?
is this a set of two binders ? if not , how do we specify which design we would like to order ?
does this binder have a vinyl pocket on the cover or spine for inserting a cover sheet ?
how heavy is the footrest ?
are the black corners removable ?
can it handle paper with staples ?
would this work ?
is software compatible with win rt tablet ?
is this true ?
does scanner needs to be plugged into electricity in order to scan ? if not how long does batteries run ?
1. can i print on fabric with this ? ( attaching fabric to freezer paper ) . 2. and would the pigment last on fabrics ?
why do you present the cartridges as being in an official brother 's box , but they are sent without a box ? how can i tell how old they are ?
i was wondering it any talking dictionaries have plug in headsets & if you can program words and listen to them over and over again ?
why wo n't it take my pictures in the scanner
what are the expiration dates on these ?
is there a way to put the settings to print with only black ink ?
does this phone need an electrical outlet ?
can this machine be used with a wireless connection ?
are these loose sheets of paper or are they part of a pad with a cardboard backing ?
can this phone operate on batteries only , without using a power cord ?
what size street size would this fit ? 24 inch long in particular ?
is this a dura eco product
which is better ; the pigment liner 308 , triplus fineliner 334 or the fineliner 306 s ?
how much does it weigh ?
is this the high yield cartridge ?
will it track well with naos 7000 or any other optical mouse ?
do i need to purchase a metal file rack for hanging folders ?
does this screw into the wall or just hang from hooks ?
is this paper glossy ?
do these pencils come already sharpened ?
can smaller rolls be used on the larger sized dispenser ? is it adjustable ?
where does the headset jack go ? can it plugged to a handset ?
does it fax
does a normal sheet of printer paper fit perfectly in the sheet protector ?
this question is about the panasonic kx-tg6645 . is it possible to turn off the caller id `` name announce '' while leaving the `` number announce '' on ?
will this cord fit a lexmark x5320 printer ?
does this come with a cover like the ti-84 ?
what is its advantage since i still have to pay at & t for hsinternet and basic landline usage ?
doea it have call block and how many numbers in memory
does it have an audible message alert ?
what does it weigh ?
can the clear plastic hold multiple cards ?
what am i doing wrong ?
it include the main base unit ?
will it work as additional phone with a different brand ?
can the ringer be shut off ?
can you talk on one phone and listen from another phone in a different area of the house , at the same time ?
does th ls6425 handset come with the holder as pictured ?
does this come with lead ?
is cover fit on hp officejet pro 6835
can anyone confirm that the chips come with the refills , and if so , the page count ?
what size lead is the pencil ?
can it be an extension phone ? i got 3 lines in the house , same number but want to put this in our living room . can it ?
can the ringer be turned off ?
can this pager be used outside the usa ? if not why ?
does the printer come with toner ?
why does n't the description say anywhere that these are good for storing 3.5 x 5 '' photos ? are they not photo safe ?
anyone use a stool with this ? if so , what height stool ?
is this a whiteboard as well or just a paper holder ?
is this safe box suitable for storing impartant items ? any issue ( s ) based on your experience ?
could this be used with a desk to create a standing work station ?
is it battery operated or is there a cord that plugs into the wall ?
does other brands of notepad ( 8 '' x11 '' ) fit this portfolio ?
are the cards flat like a postcard , or are they folded over like a hallmark card usually is ?
does it come with the paper and cartridge when you first purchase it ?
how to fix my printer it wont feed paper and when it trys it goes crocked
can someone tell me the parts number for the ac power adapter for this model ( 9vdc ) ?
can it scan in color ?
does this automatically connect to an existing base ?
are these full size notebooks ( 8.5 x 11 ) ?
does this come with all required mounting hardware to fit to an existing workfit-s ?
i allready have a motorola dect 6 601 series phone with base . will this phone connect to my current base ?
what type of batteries does this phone take ?
does it work with windows 8.1 ?
is there a document feeder for copying ?
when doing auto duplex , do you have to flip the original or does it do it by itself . i know it flips the one it prints , but does it flip the original ?
the picture on this page shows a blue box containing a dozen boxes of five erasers each . is that what we 're getting or just one box of five erasers ?
is this made of steel or plastic ?
can you scan from this unit ?
is this printer able to print from an ipad ? airprint compatible ?
can you scan to a networked pc or does the pc have to be directly connected to the printer scanner ?
what is the print yield for these ? cartridges
are the stamp images as pictured on the product ?
how is it on stairs
please let me know if i can get consumable for this printer . also if you can explain to me how this compares to the p510k . seriously intereste
does anything over 1 oz read 2oz ? does it stay on zero if it is under 2 oz ?
scan 12 '' x12 '' pages ?
500 sheets for $ 17.99 . i thought it was for 5 boxes . 2500 sheets . rip off ? 5 9 14
is it possible to connect with an ipad 4 ( w lightning connector ) ?
what is hopper capacity ?
i 've got one , and ca n't get the drawer open . any ideas ?
how many grams should go in the tn-420 and tn450 to ensure that the toner does n't run out before the flag gear points to empty ?
how many pages can this stapler staple and hold together nicely ?
do these pencils come sharpened ?
can phone and base be wall mounted ?
does this have tabs to hold the sign in place ?
can you print sheets from the computer ?
will this work with the uniden d1785-3t model
i am a dod id card holder- i usually keep my card in the protective envelope . will the envelope fit in this holder as well as the card ?
i have a surface pro , is there room on the sides to use a mouse ( if the device is moved to one side ) ?
is this dual voltage for travel ?
what digital dictation devices work in conjunction with this program ?
anyone printing avery labels with this ?
is it window 7 compatible ?
will it work with windows 7 professional 64 bit os ?
if you 're on the phone and another call comes in does the caller id show the new caller 's id ? does the base unit beep when there is an unread message ?
can i punch and round more than one paper ? like a whole book ?
does this phone come with a stand ?
can this cartridge be refilled with powdered toner ?
is it a mobile phone ?
is the thor hammer key chain exactly as you show ?
how loud is the audible caller id ? approximately how far from the phone can you hear it ?
what is the shelf life for the cartridges .
does it work with an hp deskjet f4480 ?
how many hours of sitting is this good for ?
is this is the 75 lb model ?
does it work with photoshop elements 12 ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
would this shred crimped paper to make gift basket filler ? how wide thick thin are the shreds ?
what material are the cups made of ? are they water safe ?
can you draw on the presentation can it act like a live pen ?
are the cards and pockets identical to the 500 pack ?
is there a mute button on the headset ?
does this work for hp photosmart d110 ?
is it the metal or plastic
can you use liquid chalk on the board ?
will the machine perform per factory spec 's using an extension cord ?
can this gun use both regular and fine needles ?
does it have a kickstand on the back to angle the calculator ?
how many credit cards does it hold ?
i have a questsion that this one come with the toner ?
what is the push converter ? can normal ink cartliges be used ?
how big is the screen ?
is this product made from real wood , or is it a veneer ?
does this work with 9volt battery or another size ?
contains continuous ink system ?
is the plastic material poly vinyl chloride , or something more archival like polyester ?
what are the measurements
can casters be added to bottom for ease of mobility ?
what is the height of the receiver ? ty .
dear seller , does this toner fits hl-2280dw ? could i add your product to the starter cartridge ? this printer officially use tn450 cartridge ?
does this one compatible with canon mf4880dw printer ?
are these perforated ?
is the paper lined ?
are the gemstones attached securely to the pen ?
i received an `` h-toner type i '' in purple bottles nothing else mentioned on the label . is this the right toner i need for mf4370 ?
does the unit retain messages after the power is turned off ?
could you wrap a fabric around this cork board ?
would i be able to open up the frame and remove the cork ?
this book is for 2014 ?
how is the knurling `` grippiness '' ? is the rapid pro pencil like the rapid pro pen , or more like the rotring 600 pencil ?
so no instructions with the cartridges . i can see taking the tape off , but what about the rubber stopper ?
do you ever have to add toner or ink ?
is this expandable up to 50 inches ?
will these stick to wooden surfaces ?
does it work with the deskjet 3050a ? will the scanner recongize the page that prints out ?
will this device allow me to use my unfillable canon cartridges beyond the `` empty '' notification or will it only reset the level if it 's been refilled ?
print from droid
how is the volume on the handsets ?
will the clear section hold printed name badge insert that is size 3 '' x4 '' ?
how easy is it for someone to join the phone call from another handset ? if there are 3 lines but 6 handsets , can the other handsets easily conference ?
how many cordless handsets can it support ?
can you tell me what the measurement of the journal ( not the leather cover - the actual journal ) is please ?
from what country is this product made ?
will this pen fit through checkbook loops ?
will this work with a 64 byte windows 7 computer ?
what is the serial number ?
what is the size of the platform ?
will this work for items under a pound ?
are 950 and 950xl interchangeable ?
are these `` setup cartridges '' ?
i have an hp office jet pro 8600. i want to replace the black ink . the hp color is indicated as hp950xl or hp950 . is that the same product you have
will this work with hp office jetpro 8610 ?
do you need to have the original starter cartridge or can this be used with an oem replacement cartridge ?
does this phone have speed dial where you push only one button ?
is this like a decal sticker for laptops cars ? also is this printable and cutable from a machine like a silhouette ?
what is the overall length of this opener ? blade length ?
about how long is the life span on this sharpener ?
it says above that the cutter assembly can be taken out . anyone know how to do that ?
is the light on the base a voicemail indicator light ?
is the cid screen backlit ?
are the holes where the string hangs already drilled into the chalkboard frame ? can we hang the chalkboard horizontally rather than vertically ?
what are the dimensions of the shelves ? what are the dimensions of the shelves in the doors ?
scanning sleeve
does the mous platform come off if you want to just use the arm ?
it this product 100-240 volt ? or only 110-120v
what comes in the box ? additional cables required ?
what are the dimensions ?
is the privacy panel included or has to be order separate ?
do these come in 21 21 for my dell computer ?
what brands of voip phones will the plantronics savi w720 connect with ?
if the power goes out does the corded phone still work ?
does the base phone still work when there is a power outage , or do you have to hook up another phone that does ?
does this machine work with other laminator pockets ?
do these work with quickbooks online ?
this is for epson l800 and the software where i can find ?
does anyone know compatibility issues ? usb 2.0 . 3.0 , xp vista win7 win 8 , etc ?
your ad shows $ 4.61 shipping per $ 5.95 desktop calendar -- i want to order 18 -- can i get a shipping break ? -
does the paper card stock load from above and feed direct ? how man sheets can you run ?
there are no ink bundles available that include the gray 226 cartridge . does this printer need the gray ink cartridges to function ?
how sticky is the adhesive on this label ?
will these write on a black dry-erase board ... or does that require wet-erase markers or neon dry-erase markers only ?
can you use these on a laser printer ?
how is it on ink ?
can this phone be connected to a gigaset 610a ?
does it print on cd 's and dvd 's ?
is it possible to scan 120 negatives with this device ?
can this printer be powered with the computer 's usb port ?
does it hold 96 cards when you place 1 card in each slot or 2 cards ? can you double the amount to 192 cards by placing 2 cards in each slot ?
are the envelopes the same material as the cards
are the name plates all the same size
color printing quality
is there any way to make this compatible with a mac ?
i do n't understand how you print these things-i do n't have the specific label in my printer 's options .
can i use a inkjet printer with these labels ?
what paper can you order that fits this ?
does it have wireless capability ?
is it compatable with the dell inspiron ? i have windown7 .
is usb cable necessary ?
do the wheels lock ?
do you have problems with the lexmark pro915 scanning photos ?
i need buy 40 phones you can increase the quantity ?
do you have to use epson label tape , or can you use other brands like brother or dymo ?
does the m160 have the same issues as the m140 with drivers ?
i do not have a wireless card in my computer therefore no wireless capability . can you use this printer with a cable connection to your computer ?
does this come with cord and stand ?
power light is on , led remains off , access door open print head remains parked . kodak service code : pa02 . kodak ca n't help . any suggestions ?
is this printer compatible with a mac
what king of ink an #
if one color cartridge is empty will the printer still print black ?
does this printer do double sided printing and copying ?
self-cleaning ink daily ? jams constantly ? not detecting the new ink cartridge ?
would this be good to store clothes , just like regular dresser drawers ?
i recently ordered checks from vista print . not the same paper as qbooks . not as thick . how do these computer checks compare ?
do i have to have a landline or can i just use this phone for skype ( wihtout any landline ) ?
did this pen come with the box shown on the picture above ?
can i get an instruction manual ? i have no idea how to fill it !
how many feet of tape on a role ?
is the 100 xl a higher capacity cartridge as an alternative to cartridge 150
does this unit comes with retractable desk option ?
is this mfc easily compatible with mac ... how hard is it to print envelopes ; do you have to disassemble the whole machine to do so ?
do these seats bolt up to the standard 4 bolt jon boat or bass hunter type seat frames ?
can you use the neat receipt for recipes ?
will this fit on my side by side fridge ?
does it come with cartridge bleeder thats in picture ? and also how many ml are the ink bottles
does this come in the waterman box ? ( i 'm looking to give as a gift ) and is it a `` screw '' top ?
is it compatible with windows 8.1 64 bit ? can you also tell me the copying resolution , dpi ?
can headphones be used ?
will it fit in image class d560 d530 ?
error
will this print if one of the other cartridges is out of ink ?
is there anything to stop the paper from falling on the ground once it is printed
how is this model different than the other 8600 ?
what material is the seat made of : ?
is it imported from what country ?
is this only compatible with windows ?
does this printer print both side of a two-sided document ?
will this ink work in my pro 915
how many phone numbers can be saved in the phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
does it scan in color ?
is this desk chair mat recommended for plush carpet ?
how good is the scanner on this ?
is this genuine epson ink and cartridge or is it some kind of refill ?
copies are too light
i do n't know anything about gb 's and rams , just want a printer that is n't wireless , or that i can at least hook up to my pc . can i do that ?
is this a 2d scanner ?
is it wireless and can it enlarge and reduce
will it handle sticky prescription labels or will it damage the item , i shred this stuff and my last shredder broke due to it sticking in the 'teeth . '
using mac os . if i connect the printer 's ethernet wire into my router , can i print `` wirelessly '' through my mac ?
does the printer come with full set of toner ink -- full size or just enough till one can buy more ?
can you draw on these ? would sharpies work ?
is installation difficult
does this printer have an auto feed for scanning and will it work with windows 8 ?
what kind of ink cartridge # does it use ?
does this label printer work on computer with windows 8.1 ?
will this product be sturdy enough to hold a 23 inch monitor steadily when the legs fully extended ?
what size is it . i have a fairly limited space ?
i have a cheap desk from walmart which is made of particle board , it 's one of those $ 40.00 desks . would it support the mount with two lcd monitors ? ty
what does the xl in the name lexmark 200xl tricolor stand for ? how is the 200 xl different from the 200 ?
i recently received a office pro 4000 , will shutting off printer between use help save the ink life ?
what weight of cardstock can this print ?
does the front door pull down to feed envelops ? do they have to be fed one at a time or can a stack of them be placed in the feeder ?
does this printer come with a warranty ?
do you have to replace the color ink at the same time as the black ink ?
which ink cartridges fit the canon pixma mx479 ?
what printers is this compatible with ? i have a lexmark impact s301..will it work ?
how many telephones can i hook up to this system ? i 'm confused as to how to go out to individual telephones .
the description says this printer comes with standard ink cartridge 118. is only the black cartridge included , or does it include all 4 ?
how many pages print do you get out of this cartridge ?
can you track any editing that has been done ? can i tell if my office manager changes any of the times ?
is this printer pos compatable or no ?
is there call waiting ?
what are the measurements of this item ?
mexican pesos ?
what is included in the set ?
mounted to my desk does this go up and down or just in and out ?
does this phone announce the name of the caller ?
is power supply included
does the envelope feeder come with an hp one-year warranty ?
are blade replacements needed ? if so , whats the cost & is it a do-it-yourselfer ?
will this ink work with a canon mg5220 cartridges 225 , 226 ? also , do these go in the same way . i mean are they regular cartridges ?
does it come with any toner ?
what are the dimensions on this item ?
is this product guaranteed to be new ? does it come with the full manufacturer 's warranty ?
are the days of the week written on the left side and spaces to write the 6 subjects across the top ? are there lines in each box to write on ?
how many files does this hold ?
how good is the print quality ?
does the unit come with a power supply ?
does thhis come with a disk ?
is it magnetic
what happens when you run out of room on the ledger ? is there a way to put a new one on top of it or do you need a brand new envelope each time ?
does this gun do the circle loop tags too ?
is the scanner wand sold separately ?
whats the max amount of bills it can count ?
will it support digital telephone connections ?
our brand new 9325cw has been consuming black toner cartridges unusually quickly . has anyone else had this experience ? any solutions ?
so is it 4oz bottles or 400ml bottles ?
any one else 's clasp too tight for the shirt pocket ?
are they for both laser and inkjet printers ?
are they sealed on all three sides with only the top open
are these labels compatable all brands of printers ?
is there an approximate number of how many envelopes this will stamp before the ink runs dry ?
would two of these support a shelf across them to function as a desk ?
does have network connections ? ethernet ?
hi ! i was just wondering if the picture prints out like the common polaroid pic with the white bottom and borders on each side ?
can someone reccomend a good black ink cartridge for this pen ?
does blackwing make a pencil with # 1 lead ?
is the stand consolable ? so i can hide it behind a furnature ?
can one learn spanish with this gizmo ?
how long are the needles on these syringes ?
does it have to be raised to use the fan ? or can you still use the fan if the table is flat ?
i have a pen with refill no 7140230316 7 ... how can i tell if it 's the same as i see on your web site ...
what size are the strips ? i am quilling and like the 1 8 '' wide strips the best as they make everything look delicate and lacey ?
is samsung mlt-d104s works for ml-1865w ?
is this cart easy to assemble and disassemble for traveling purposes ?
does this support a keyboard wedge ( `` daisy chain '' keyboard to scanner to pc ) connection ?
ca n't get it to scan or beep . what do i need to do ?
what are the demensions
did anyone else ever receive ink past the expiry date ? i ca n't believe i just received my 932 black and it 's almost a year past expiry ! 1 16 15
will it print in black if you leave the empty color cartridge in or does the color cartridge have to have ink in it '
can this scanner be used with rack2-filer ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
will this printer do duplexing print both sides
i need to know if is possible print from microsoft excel or word with this printer ?
what is the thickness of each piece ?
has anyone used this clicker with prezi ?
can this tray be used to print envelopes ?
we need a board that does n't have a glare . how bad is the glare under florecent lights ?
can i use xl catrige for this printer ?
will these work on the zp500 ?
do the handsets have speaker phone feature ?
hi there . so do i need the original cartridges ? no need to make a hole ? this packages do the thing ? ty .
i 'd like to know the minimum seat depth . can someone tell me which is correct ?
will this printer work with air print ( for iphone and ipad ) ?
could i fit my full size laptop into the bottom drawer ?
wood colors vary and are hard to tell from picture . is this a really light oak , closer to a pine natural color , or is a more of a medium dark oak ?
can the table be detaiched from the stand ?
is it a genuine samsung toner made by samsung or is it compatible oem version ?
where can i get the `` bolt-through mount '' , which is just the flat circular plate that mounts underneath the desk ?
size of cover ?
does the scanner continue to function when the toner runs out ?
will this work with a mac ? i pad , i phone or ipod ?
photo printing on a letter size paper ? is it acceptable and useable ?
can you print 11 x 17 pages ?
does it have the option to print on 6 x 9 '' envelopes ?
how quickly will this scan an 11 x 17 document ( 1 bit line-art ) ?
have a streak line along the page when using adf scanning . what is sds administrator id and password ?
is this pencil oriented to more drawing or writing ?
is there a bookcase that matches this desk ?
does it come with toner cartridges ?
is it possible to include second third marriages ?
well my package did't come with anything except the scanner no paper or negative what do i suppose too do it was a gift for my daughter from me
is it possible to combine scanned documents and receipts into one pdf or will each page scanned become its own pdf ?
will the 35mm trays hold a 3d slide without having to remove either film strip from the cardboard slide holder ?
will these work with the yellow wolverine 20 mp 4in1 film to digital converter f2dsuper ?
does the caller id display the name of who is calling in addition to the number ?
it seems to be only one left in stock . could you please provide color pattern and nib size ?
per the product description , it appears that all scanned pictures , documents , etc. , will be directly stored in the ipad . how do i transfer everything into my computer ?
is the lexmark 90p0100 wireless compatable with windows 8 operating system ?
how do use the paper holder on top of printer
mac mini running snow leopard . is the printer and all the wireless functions compatible ?
does this chair tilt back or forth and you are able to lock it into that position . also what is the exact minimum and maximum height from seat to fl ?
is this compatible for ibm wheelwriter model 6781 ?
is there a setting for the phone not to ring even once if call is from a number in caller block list ? some models can be set for that . hope 4734 can .
very good sound ?
can the talking caller id be shut off and just use one that you can look down and see who is calling ?
does silent mode silent the base ring as well ?
will this scanner scan photo id , credit cards also will it scan paper ?
can it scan multiple pages to a single pdf file ?
does it load automatically into outlook ?
is this for sure english to spanish and also spanish to english ?
is the paper thick ?
can you weight an envelope without using the flip up lid ?
which is the maximum thickness that it can cut ?
will it fit a xion 2.5 ?
i am thinking of mounting this on a 5ft x 30 '' laminate folding table . will the table support the ergotron setup with two monitors ?
will this work with a 27 inch acer model # s271hl monitor or do i need a special bracket and about how long does it take to install ?
will this printer print both sides of the paper
where do i put in my information that i want engraved ?
how are these holding up ? any issues with the felt falling off or dirt buildup ? does the felt have to be applied manually or does it come installed ?
how does this product work for pictures ?
can the work shelf accommodate a 27 '' widescreen monitor which is actually 25.5 '' across and fit between the poles ?
would this paper stand up to a professional die-cut machine ?
what are the dimensions of the unit ?
does it come with a standard toner ?
includes parker pen adapters ?
can you set it to beep when a message is left ?
i am thinking about purchasing the d3097 but i ca n't tell if the phone itself is very large ?
will this work with base model crl-82312 ?
does ths phone have an answering system ?
are the numbers large and easy to read ? looking for a phone for my 93 year old grandmother who has trouble with her sight
will this phone work with cable phone service ?
will postcards fit in these envelopes ?
i have 3 24 inch monitors and a corner desk , will i be able to swivel these monitors wthout covering the bezel ?
when you close this , do you have the option to leave it unlocked or do you always have to have the key and always have to lock it , and unlock it ?
adf ?
can anyone tell me that the seat will , in your opinion , hold a 275 pound man ?
does the obi or your cordless phone need to be plugged directly into a phone outlet ?
is the toner that comes with the printer a full toner , or a short fill ?
is the document feeder reversing to support scanning or copying two-sided originals in one pass ?
how is the hplj pro 400 m401n for printing envelopes ?
i want this for my 16 pound terrier who is getting too old to jump up on my 30 '' high bed . are the steps smooth or slippery ?
what are the height adjustments , max and minimum ?
i have a 21 inch imac mid 2011 which is not listed in the specs for this . what is the best solution for me ?
is it compatible with mac ? does it works with prezi presentations ?
does this act a smart board ? for ex . when projected onto a wall , can you still interact w it the same way being on a wall ?
how do you attach the magnate to a plastic badge
is a refillable cover ?
how well doewsit work with mac computers ?
does this include the bar to hang clothes from ?
does it remember all my calculations even after it 's turned off ?
what is the true weight capacity of this chair ?
are you satisfied with the scanning capabilities ?
will a ce505x replace ce505a in a laser jet 2035 ?
i want to laminate folder games . can this do it ?
can i use it manually with the turn of the key ?
what is the part number ?
will it fit the 3540 ?
does it have call waiting ?
what about refills for it
is this pen good for calligraphy ? can anyone post a picture of how well they can get it to work for calligraphy ?
have there been changes made to the packaging ?
when purchased from ezfinddeals , how much does an individual cardboard sheet weigh ?
will it make an extension by just plugging into an electrical outlet and programming - and have speaker phone on this model ?
what is the range of this phone ?
does this work as a blutooth connection ?
ordered an extension rca dect 6.0 accessory handset rca-h5401re1 . but it does n't work with this unit . what extesion does ?
i only have two lines currently , will this phone work ?
do the handsets and base support silent mode or no ring that 's easy to set ?
can it run with batteries , or does it need power from a wall wart ?
does this have a beep to alert you that there are messages waiting ?
does this phone work with cable phone service ?
i have bad cell reception at my house i want to know if this phone will help to get better one ?
does the uniden dect model 3098 handset have speaker phone and headset plug ?
will this phone be able to direct incoming call to leave messages for 4 employees that are not available at the time of call ?
can you connect it to a computer ?
are they plastic or paper ?
is the printing speed affected when loading from this tray ?
will this sign turn on and off using a switched outlet or does it require the remote to operate ?
how is it powered ?
what are the dimensions of each sheet ? apparently one is 12 '' -- call it the `` width '' , then is the `` length '' something like 19 '' like the photo implies ?
is there any way to hack the hardware and use a different handset on the adapter ?
do i need to download sawgrass power drive on this printer if using for sublimation ?
will this piston work on viva office high back office chair ?
will it support a 42 in lcd tv
does the printer is to able to work with sweet paper or sugar paper for making cakes ?
do these casters really glide smoothly on 1 2 ' pile carpet ?
is there a cord to connect scanner to computer ?
does this come with changeable plugs to use in the uk as well , or only with a usa plug ?
will the base phone work with my existing phones ?
does this scanner have a twain driver ?
can anyone give me an estimate on how much weight a single tab can hold , how how to tabs spaced 6 inches apart ?
it says here that it wo n't work with the mfc8710dw . is this a mistake ?
i need to laminate ids . will i be able to use smaller pouches ?
i saw someone use this without a carrier , is that ok. if not can you just use a folded piece of paper ?
can you laminate an 8 1 2 x 11 sheet of paper and then cut it into halves or quarters with decent results ?
what are the dimensions of this box ?
does it work with kindle fire ?
does this book also include monthly calendar on a 2-page spread ?
how many land lines can you have on this ? i need 2
how big is the back zipper pocket ?
is this 36 '' tall with wheels installed ?
does this printer have a cat-5 network connection ?
help !
my hp laserjet 100 m175 printer has started printing very small dots in the toner colors in the far right margin . does anyone know how to fix this ?
is scripture that jesus said is it in red ?
what is its size ?
air print ?
is it easy to clean example under child eating table ?
can you print from the iphone 5 & ipad ? i need a printer for a party w 50 teens with a 'photo booth ' area set up . is this my best option ?
i have old family slides that measure 2.5x2.5 . will this unit scan them to a file i can print from ?
what is the type and capacity of the tray to hold 35mm slides ?
will it work with the mfc8710dw
can this do multiple lines ( like say write an address like on an address label ) ?
does it drain your toner even without or very little use ? i have an old dell color laser printer that i had for 3 years and still using the starter toner because i print just a few pages a month . i do the same with the samsung and the toner is now empty after 6 months with probably less than 100 pages being printed . does it drain your toner even without or very little use ? i have an old dell color laser printer that i had for 3 years and still using the starter toner because i print just a few pages a month ... » read more does it drain your toner even without or very little use ? i have an old dell color laser printer that i had for 3 years and still using the starter toner because i print just a few pages a month . i do the same with the samsung and the toner is now empty after 6 months with probably less than 100 pages being printed . « show less
this can open one side only ?
will this work with windows xp
what heights can this be adjusted to ?
does it cover the 2014 nec ?
does it wall mount ?
just ordered , but yellow is not printing correctly . at first it was very light , now nothing . completed cleaning , deep cleaning , what can i do ?
is it real leather ? are the rings removable ?
has anyone get this to work with lbp6000 ?
is it large enough to use with 17 inch laptop ?
will the cp400 paper cassette work with the cp800 selphy
would it be possible to install this desk without the bottom tray ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
does this scanner come with any software for file management ?
can i pair my bluetooth headset with the obibt ? so that i can use my bluetooth headset instead of a traditional phone to make calls over voip ?
what is the number of the ink cartridge that this pixma mp230 uses ? has anyone used a cartridge refill kit succesfully ?
does this check book have the '' plastic '' to separate duplicate checks ?
what size
does it fit mg5420
does the adf scan fax duplex automatically ?
can you use the spiral with this type of holes ?
is it wireless
can you copy legal sized documents by feeding through the auto feeder since the bed only takes 8.5 x 11 ?
is there a manual to know how to operate machine
is it suitable to copy a big college text book ? how could i copy the book with two-side page ?
do you have the dimensions if this pager ?
why my royal p70 sharpener will not sharpen my pencils to a point ?
could these be used on hide ? would you be able to wash off the hide by using a grease busting soap ?
what is compatible woth the lexmark prospect pro 205
i assume it 's just the bare board on the underside , as well ? no bean bag type filling since it does n't sit in your lap ?
are these compatible with the epson stylus photo rx580 ?
can you print in economy mode all the time or do you have to tell it to do it each time ? can you scan books thick materials ?
is this printer appropriate for copying watercolor art ?
does this printer use a lot of ink ?
what is the actual size of the t-11 russian english electronic translator ? also , does this translator translate without talking ?
can i speak a word in english and get back a translation in french or must i input via a keyboard ?
how big is this device i need to know the size
is it fairly small ?
is there any difficulty with installing the shredder ? how about the casters ?
do these handsets have `` hands free '' speaker fone mode '' on them ? where u dont have to hold the fone to your ear .
will this work in mexico using sim card from telcel company ? or any other sim card ?
is this model the same as the 7520 wireless photo printer with scanner , copier and fax ?
does this include a smart card emv reader ?
great printer for images , what if i wnt to use it for 8.5 x 11 plain text docs ? also can it be set to print black only & still print ?
what 's the difference of pixma pro-100 and pixma pro-10 ? print quality of dye and pigment inkjet ?
how well does the adf ( automatic document feeder ) work ?
are these regular or high yield ?
when to buy ink for mfc-j870dw when new machine
will this printer work if one of the - let 's say- color ink cartridges run out , or will you have to replace it to be able to print anything ?
i have the brother mfc-j450dw and it says it takes lc101 and lc103-will it take the super high yield lc107 ? if anyone 's used this this size with 450 ?
does it do 1-pass 2-sided scanning when using the flatbed , or only with the adf ?
does it turn on and start showing the message automatically when plugged in ?
do not need to run a tape . can you use this register without a tape running ?
how do you change the time ?
can the images be blown up to 24 '' x 36 '' with good resolution ?
does the top swivel ?
is it new and does it come in its swarovski box ?
can someone who owns this printer tell me if it prints good quality graphics ? not photos , but graphics for example cartoon characters ?
does this come with the spindle for roll feed ?
could you please let me know big it is ? does it fit on a pocket ?
is the binder metal or plastic
does it have place on both ends for drivers license ?
is it pocket size ? will it fit in jeans pockets ?
what is the maximum weight this chair can take
how deep iis this cabinet from front to back
i have installed the pcl driver , but can not print wirelessly . what have i done wrong ?
how large are the letters ?
what kind of bulb does it need ?
is this holder good for small paperback books
will this work with the scx_3400 serie
where do i get cartridge for this ?
there are no directions with this . how do i use this thing ?
can this be used to heat shrink-wrap gift items ?
will this printer work with windows 7 64bit ?
does it come with a case ?
does this laminator require a carrier ?
plastic bags ( or paper ) in the bin would facilitate clean up and disposal . what fits in the bin and works best ?
what bags do you use with this shredder ?
what is the book size ? how many entries can you put on each page
is this compatible with hp 2541 wireless printer
is the 26 inch height with or without casters ?
can it be used to play , pause , and control volume of audio or video clips inserted in a keynote slide ?
what is the 1993807 mean as a prefix to ps50 ?
how many colors does this contain ?
after you copy photos to your computer can you transfer those to disc to view on your tv and how long does it take to copy photos to disc ?
does the printer stop working if one of the ink cartridges need replacing ?
is the nib replaceable ?
is the toner seal easy to spot i ca n't seem to find one
will these toners work in the brother dcp-8155dn copier ?
will the frixion gel refills fit a dr grip pen ?
is the wireless feature built in or is it just network ready ?
i have just ordered four of these easels . is it possible to buy extra sets of pegs ?
can not not get it to print since i changed ink cartridges thinking about putting it in trash and going back to the a hp , can any one help ?
does it allow emailing scanned documents from printer ?
could this monitor arm be mounted to a tempered glass desk ?
does the lexmark ms310dn mono laser printer work with windows 8 ?
this printer has a phone too ?
does anyone know the resolution ?
has anyone had the wolverine 20 mp fail to turn on ?
re : e-z ink remanufactured ink cartridge replacement . will this product work with a lexmark z810 printer .
can you buy extra cordless phones for this system ?
is it alphabetical
is it compatible with the samsung clp-310 printer ?
does this fit the tsp100s ?
do the sheets have perforated edges so that we can tear it out ?
does it scan as ocr for word processing ?
does each phone have it 's own speaker ?
are the 920xl compatible with hp 6500a printer ?
do these cartridges come with the chips on them ?
what exactly do i need to buy to have ooma up and running ?
what are the dimensions ?
is there a big enough space underneath the surface to sit criss cross with your legs under the desk on a bed ?
does it support airprint ?
can i print film positives with this printer ?
does this work with skype ?
i love everything about this stamp except the squiggle between words can it be replaced with a dot ?
can you `` ring '' up multiple different items , using the tare function , and have it print all on one label recipt ?
does it print tabloid 11x 17 inch paper ?
does it have a non-skid bottom ( rubber or other material ) ?
how many copies does a toner cartridge make ?
how many hats does this hold
is this actually a brother brand item or is it just a `` compatible '' item ?
does this print and cut and is it mac compatible ?
do they work in the hp deskjet 2540 ?
is this system compatible with at & t u-verse phone ( voip ) ?
are the installed ink cartridges starter cartridges , or are they the full ink versions .
does this printer copy to email ?
does the 476 and 576 printers support the 2-sided to 2-sided copying function ?
the printer itself seems really nice , but is it worth getting considering a set of xl cartridges costs about $ 400 ?
it needs to connect a pc to supply the powe . there is no way to use the scanner without additional device . is it correct ?
how is this printer 's photo quality ?
can you print from ipads ans iphones with this printer ( hp 3056a ) ?
the pos wireles is ? operate in venezuela .
will this work for the wf 3530 ?
is this hp1056 printer wireless ?
can it use any wireless usb adapter ?
does it print good quality photos ?
how easy is it to print on printable cd dvds with this printer ?
does this printer have a straight feed that works with card stock materials ?
which should i purchase a canoscan 9000f or an epson v600 ?
what kind of buffalo leather , american indian , asian , or african ?
what does the xl stand for ?
do all these work on the pixma mg5420 ?
what are the dimensions of the base ( the part that sits flat on the table ) ?
will using laptop on this pad damage the pad due to laptop heat ?
can i adjust the power down hibernation setting so the gun stays on longer ? what are the options ?
can this print either customer receipts or journal tape ?
what is pad measurement ?
will a duplexer still work regardless of what tray the paper comes out of ?
does it give a long point ?
so anyone know how much it cost to print out a 4x6 photo more or less using this ink ?
does this work on hp office jet 8000 , not the wireless model ?
was this locker difficult to assemble ? what tools are needed to assemble ?
for a portable scanner , is one better to not have a flatbed model because of the possiblity of damage from movement ?
what are the dementions of the sign ?
my printer gives an error message saying that the cartridge is non-hp so the printer will not work . printer is officejet 8500
does it work with the ipad mini ?
what is the range of the transmitter
does this portfolio lay flat open when unzipped so that someone flip through your work without holding it open ?
how thick is this with just the pad inside ?
can the counterfeit detector be turned off to count other non us currency ?
what is the ink tank volume in milliliter ( ml ) ?
my cd dvd in my computer is broken . will i be able to download everything i might need from cannon 's website ?
will it still print black & white if the color cartridge is empty ?
will it work with my fax machine ?
are there preloaded apps ?
is it unlocked and can it be used internationally ?
does this tagger gun include the needle ?
you get the hardware and not any credit card services with this , correct ?
are the monthly entry pages 1 or 2 pages
how does it handle thin paper intermingled with normal weight paper ? does it tend to jam ?
can the penpower pen able to recognize hand writen chinese characters like the penpower ez-go jr ?
how many cubic feet in total would it be if i used all of them ?
is it compatible with windows 8 ?
if you place pictures , memos , or calender inderneath , can you see through them ?
do these lp boxes have handle holes to grab ?
does it open ?
how many shirts on a average could this print ?
what is the inner diameter of the cylinder , in millimeters ?
does it fit the canon mg6320 ?
my samsung scx 3405w is new and the starter cartridge is almost gone at 440 copies . will the starter cartridge take the whole 65 grams of your toner powder which is for printing 1500 pages or will i need to purchase a new regular cartridge first ? my samsung scx 3405w is new and the starter cartridge is almost gone at 440 copies . will the starter cartridge take the whole 65 grams of your toner powder which is for printing 1500 pages or will ... » read more my samsung scx 3405w is new and the starter cartridge is almost gone at 440 copies . will the starter cartridge take the whole 65 grams of your toner powder which is for printing 1500 pages or will i need to purchase a new regular cartridge first ? « show less
does it talk cantonese or mandarin ?
i have two questions . is the cabinet paintable ( or is the 'laquer ' really a laminate ) ? and did the cabinet emit a strong odor when first assembled ?
is this unit locked ? will it work with bank of america merchant processing ?
how short can this stand be ? i want one 11 x 2 1 2. is this one close ?
will the ion film 2 sd slide scanner work with windows 8.1 ?
can you write on the stickers easily ?
would you use these to color zentangles ?
how does this compare to a ratpadz ?
do these chips work for b411dn ?
i put a new replacement cartridge in my hp 6515 printer . it printed 2 pages , then it would not print . suggestions ?
is it compatible with hp photosmart c309a
what happens if people forget to punch in out . will it compute other shifts still or simply not calculate totals
is this one silver ?
can the handsets be wall mounted ?
i need some help.. i really like this product and maybe scanned close to 100 photos . now when i try and scan , it leaves a double white line on the scanned electronic photo.. i tried to clean the scanner and it wont go away . i do n't know if i should return or what to do . i need some help.. i really like this product and maybe scanned close to 100 photos . now when i try and scan , it leaves a double white line on the scanned electronic photo.. i tried to clean the ... » read more i need some help.. i really like this product and maybe scanned close to 100 photos . now when i try and scan , it leaves a double white line on the scanned electronic photo.. i tried to clean the scanner and it wont go away . i do n't know if i should return or what to do . « show less
is this projector compatible with the apple iphone 5c
is there a keyboard tray that adjusts - particularly at the `` stand position '' ? in the photos when the varidesk is at the `` stand '' position it appears as if the keyboard is sitting at the same level as the monitor stand , which would be way too high to be comfortable , and setting it at the base position while the monitor is at `` stand '' would be too low . is there a keyboard tray that adjusts - particularly at the `` stand position '' ? in the photos when the varidesk is at the `` stand '' position it appears as if the keyboard is ... » read more is there a keyboard tray that adjusts - particularly at the `` stand position '' ? in the photos when the varidesk is at the `` stand '' position it appears as if the keyboard is sitting at the same level as the monitor stand , which would be way too high to be comfortable , and setting it at the base position while the monitor is at `` stand '' would be too low . « show less
time keeps changing from daylight savings back to standard as soon as you receive a call . how do you correct ?
can it be connected to the computer or do you need to buy a router ?
ordered duplexer from ebay but manufactured in 2007 so did n't attach to printer purchased in 2014. when was this duplexer manufactured ?
does scanning slides damage them in any way ?
what is the warranty policy -- and is it actually carried out ?
will they glow in the dark without black light ?
does this pencil require its own lead , or will any 0.7mm lead work with it ?
will it support a monitor , keyboard and mouse ?
this box work with samsung phones ?
how would you rate the quality from 1-10 ( best ) ? does it get worn out after being used for a few months ?
can i buy this phone from amazon and have it configured by my voip provider remotely ?
i need to use something like this with an iphone `` 4 '' , not 4s or any other version . will it work for me ?
is the picture or stream colored and does it have a speaker on handsets ?
includes the battery , or must be purchased separately ?
will this ribbon fit an montgomery ward escort 55 ?
i received the 'essentials ' today.. however there were no instruction or paperwork to tell me how to access the digital download that is advertised ?
if i connect this printer direct with the usb cable , can it still be used wirelessly with other devices ?
is the length 10 inches and width 19 inches or the other way around ?
does it work with new united states $ 100 bills ?
how long this defender pad is effective ? what if this pad sucked up all the electric magnatic field , where does it store emf next ? how this systems
have you ever experience the inked finish coming off on hands or carpet ?
are batteries included ?
does this work with a mac ?
is this printer duplex ?
are the drum specific to colors ?
the contents lists a single print cartidge . does this printer come with color toner cartridges or do i have to purchase those seperately ?
does it come with all 4 cartridges ?
can this model be used in korea ?
does this print normal word text documents is does this only print photos ?
does it include an ac adapter ?
does this use slp-2rlh labels and slp-flw labels ?
is there headset jack on the base unit of the phone instead of on the handset ?
this may seem a stupid question but what sort of adapter plug did you use as the one on the laminator i have just received just has two flat prongs .
does this device still work with gvoice ?
what does the 'xl ' mean on hp61xl ink cartridges ?
is it compatible with windows 7 ?
how many tags come in one order ?
will these work with the purple cow laminator ?
will it bolt to a brick wall
will this desk hold a 27 '' imac safely ?
can i see an actual page from the planner ?
why does the paper keep jamming ?
if i do n't have wifi @ home does it make sense for me to buy this printer ? i saw there is a ethernet option , but is that something i can even use ?
warranty
will the by-pass tray hold several sheets at a time , or just one ?
how many lines will it handle ?
can it help count and sort mexican coins or only american ? i need one that can do mexican coins . are much bigger that american , please advise
does the ink burp out occasionally when the ink level gets low ?
how many cards are there ?
our pendant says good morning in morning but no longer says good night at night . is there a setting to fix this ?
how do you turn off or ignore the `` toner low '' message and keep printing until toner is actually out ?
will it print from an ipad and iphone ? does it scan double-sided ?
will it run with only a black cartridge ... no color in place ?
is the clip on the pencil metal or plastic ?
what is the size 0f each one ?
are saturday & sunday smaller than the other days ?
what is the actual size of the planner ? everyone says small , but how many inches actually .
what is the total height
can i use on inkjet printer ?
are these new or reconditioned ?
is this pigment based ink , like epson 's durabrite ink ? or is it dye based ink ?
how do i get my pen to write ?
what model and item # are the cartriges ?
i waii want to get this for an old remington standard typewriter but when i measured the reels are 3x3.would these work ?
this is for 2014 jan-dec ?
i sent this to my mom and she says that there 's a sticker saying something like : `` this device can not be used until it is registered ... '' what is that ?
one of the crystals is missing from the eyes . can you suggest where replacements can be located ?
does this cutter works with corel draw ?
what is the size ? looking for 3.5x5.5
is it wireless ?
what calibration weight is needed ?
how do i know if this is drawer is compatible with my pos system ?
how do you open the cash drawer ?
how do you accomplish three way calling ?
is this handset compatible with the cl8303 cordless system ?
will the bind legal size and 11x17 size ?
how about the refills kit for this ciss ? i ca n't find it in amazon ? how many copies of a4 it can print with 100cc ?
can this be used as sip-t20 extension ?
how long of a sheet of paper will it cut ?
does this have a photo tray ?
will this work with an office star 5500 space air grid mid back swivel chair
is there a cd to help with installation ?
dose this automatically stop when the wrappers get full of coins ?
how many credit cards can this case hold ?
black vs red seem to have different sizes:3.9 x 2.5 x 0.5 inches4.8 x 3.6 x 0.9 inches , is that correct ?
will this cartridge work well in a canon image class d530
do the drawers roll smoothly ?
are the keys hard ( like 48g ) or soft like 49g ?
does this printer scan and fax ?
are these the round clear stickers ?
whenever i connect the usb cable to charge , it rapidly flashes blue . anyone know what this means or has experience with this ?
what are the dimensions ?
how do you load it ? do you cut the end off or poke a hole ?
is this available in a 1-page per day format ?
will these work in the canon pixma pro 10 printer
not sure how specific some requirements are . will using these in a canon printer void the warranty for it ? tia !
are these complete sets for pixma mx 922 ?
will the jinhao standard international ink cartridges fit this pen ?
what is the start month
does this clock have a low battery indicator ?
says its portable . what does that mean ? when you must use it with a computer or tablet ? does it have a memory ?
i know the cover is leather but does it have a hard backing or is it just soft cover that flops around ?
can i use this credit card terminal for cell phone ?
what is the weight capacity ?
are these suitable and will they hold tight enough to use to put on my dogs collar to hold her id tags ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
can i hook all of my existing phones to this service ? what about my alarm system that is hooked into the phone system ?
does this board have hooks so i can hang it ?
will other brands of slipcovers fit the lily love seat ?
the picture does not match how this calendar has always looked . there should be a label that says `` monthly 2014 . '' is amazon 's picture accurate ?
for what year is this calendar ?
is this the cartridge needed for model ip-p28-vp ?
so it is for 2014 and it goes through jan 2015 ? just making sure .
are there monthly tabs ?
is this available for 2014 ? if so , how do we request that when ordering ? thnak you
i ordered this calendar and i love it . does anyone know of a monday through sunday alternative ?
what is the cover made of ?
i 'd like to post this calendar on my fridge . does it come with magnets ?
are the date blocks ruled ( lines ) or unruled ?
is this 8 wide by 11 long ?
when i ordered this product # 061-685y it came in a pack of 3. i only ordered 1 .
are there lines in each square
is this the refill for product # 44275 ?
do the refills work
i 've lost the manual and ca n't pair the device because i have no programming barcodes to scan , is there somewhere i can download the manual ?
is this the 2014 full year refill pages in classic size ?
does this include the monthly tabs as well ?
ae these water-proof ink as the hp laserjet 200 pro m251 cartridges are ?
where is the ink , i bought the pen but there was no ink
what are the dimensions of this item ?
how do you oil it ?
what is a 3 d-ring with buster ? are the rings round or part round , part straight ?
is this board magnetic ?
can it store more than one message at a time , or do you have to record over the top of each message ( basically just giving you one 10 second recorded message ) ?
can this be used as a keyboard wacom tablet tray underneith my desk ?
will this size fir franklin covey 's compact binder ?
if i order 2 or 3 sets , can i ensure the numbers on the tickets wo n't repeat ?
will it work with mg5520 ?
do you sell the replacement motors and bulbs ?
does this printers adf offer a 2 sided scan ( duplex option ) when scanning from the adf ?
can you print out document files like pdf 's ?
does this have auto duplex scanning and printing or is it manual ?
any help would be appreciated .
duplex printing ? auto both sides ?
with book scanning what is the maximum number of pages you can scan before stopping ? is it like 20 , 200 , or could you scan 500 pages for example ?
will it work on my computer that has windows 7 professional ?
so i have a 29 inch ultra wide that i have been wanting to mount above my existing triple 24 inch monitors ? will this mount go high enough to do so ?
can this phone be mounted on a wall ?
will it hold about 6 vinyl rollup chessboards measuring 21 '' long with a 3 '' diameter rolled up together ?
does this take batteries ? if so , what kind ?
will it print with only black ink only if the color cartridges run out of ink ?
can it be powered by replacing an existing doorbell , or does it still require a new a c source ?
is it compatable with 2009 dodge challenger srt8 ?
do all headsets announce collar id ?
will this fit in the back seat of a car for a passenger to use with a macbook air ?
do these work with hl-2140 models ?
how long is the warranty on this product ?
i have a 19 '' dell precision laptop . will this stand accomadate it ?
i am having issues with it taking cardstock . i have changed paper settings and everything else i can think of ... any suggestions ?
will my printer connect to my samsung tablet ?
i 'm having hard time choosing between hp-prime and fx-cp400 . i really like this calculator but i think they could have a done something better than aaa batteries . i wonder if it also comes with li rechargeable batteries ? also is it made in china ? i 'm having hard time choosing between hp-prime and fx-cp400 . i really like this calculator but i think they could have a done something better than aaa batteries . i wonder if it also comes with ... » read more i 'm having hard time choosing between hp-prime and fx-cp400 . i really like this calculator but i think they could have a done something better than aaa batteries . i wonder if it also comes with li rechargeable batteries ? also is it made in china ? « show less
how would this hold up to say being used in a semi rough environment ?
is there a clip at the right side top to hold the paper ?
how high is chair back from seat in inches ? would a 6 ' 2 '' person be able to rest their head on the back w o having to slide down into the seat ?
i need an office chair that sits above the desk . like in the piano position . that is proper seat height for your computer . what is true seat height ?
what type of ink
are the tags small enough to fit on a pair of eyeglasses ? those are what i 'm always losing .
how many lines of text can you print on a label ?
is this for 2014 ?
can it scan uneven flat texture such as floor and wall texture ?
how many tabs are included in this item ?
will it work with a samsung galaxy ta ? blet
what size is this ?
will doxie flip work with a microsoft tablet or computer ?
my event is on the beach , is the ground spike ideal for sand ? will it hold up to the wind ?
if basictalk is used for ld , while still keeping internet local phone , is there a way to disable the voicemail feature , or alt setting # rings higher ?
what is the size of this printer ?
does this come with power cord ?
has anyone tried to refill the cartilage ?
can this be used for calls from china to usa ?
can this ink be used in an epson wf7610 ?
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
mine is not registering the fingerprint . it asks for first finger print , but nothing happens ?
does the cannon mf6160dw work with a distinctive ring fax line ? and does it print and fax with legal size paper ?
can the brother mfc-j876dw duplex scan using the automatic document feeder ?
i can pick the colors or not ?
does it matter if you work on a mac or pc ? or is set up online ?
has anyone else found a translation for the instructions ?
does this work with an hp photosmart d110 printer ?
can i replace the usb cable for this reader , i mean if i want a longer or shorter cable ?
does it come with ink cartridges ?
is there an auto feed feature for scanning ? many of my documents to scan are multiple pages . tx !
is this compatible with a mac ?
does it come with a charger for the keyboard ?
do i need to connect *anything* to a router or modem ? in other words , can i just connect to the modem wirelessly with only this device ?
will these cartridges work in a brother mfc-j27ow ?
will this printer print on both sides of a single page
ease of install for a macbook ?
how much would i need to cover 260 square feet
will this stick to wood surfaces ? i am thinking of putting it on one wall of the tree house . please advice .
can you scan directly to a usb flash drive ? or does it have to scan to a computer ?
is this a multi-page scanner ?
does it come with a carrying case ?
is the cover washable ?
rechargeable battery - what type & how long does it last
200xl cartridge will not work in my epson xp310 . ink cartridge is no recognized . is there a work around ?
how many pages will print per cartrige ?
does it work well for paperbacks ? i assume for typing from a sheet of paper you would need a clipboard behind due to the size ?
does it scan cards
changed cartridges now only sees `` single cartridge mode '' ... what to do ?
does the mounting bracket tilt so you can adjust the angle of the television ?
does this printer have bluetooth capabilities ? if not , can you use it without a landline ?
can the brother printer mfc-j6520dw scan two sided documents in one pass ?
does it work with dell b1165nfw printer ?
the picture of the 3 pens only has the black dot ( meaning ball point pen ) does that mean they are n't the 3-in-1 pens ?
when locked , are the drawers pretty secure ?
do drawers come all the way out ?
voltage is the global support it ? 110 ~ 240v ?
does ink come with the printer ?
can someone provide an asin for labels that work with this printer ?
a ) do you have to calibrate ( and buy a calibration weight to do so ) or is this guaranteed to be pre-calibrated ? b ) is this scale self-calibrating ?
how do i know when my printer was made ?
is this wireless printer ?
do you customize these ? how does this process work ?
i inserted a black ink replacement cartridge in my printer but the machine is not reading it even though they are compatible , should i remove plastic ?
will it work on my canon mg 2920
what herbs come in this pack ?
does the hp1512 printer come with cartridges ?
my omnitech 10 sheet cross cut paper shredder stopped working , is there a trouble shooter info available ?
how are the edges of this mat ? beveled ? rounded ? crimped ? unfinished ?
i change passwords frequently . easy to do .. hard to do .. number of changes limited ? also i do n't see a comma or apostrophe . are they there ?
ink disappears with heat ? how much heat ? we live where it 's hot and if the pen is in his booksack ... i 'm concerned with will the pens work for him ?
does this go through a lot of expensive ink ?
what cartridges shoud i buy ?
does the lock lock both drawers ?
when i 've used a laminator i 've enclosed the pouches in a white cover sheet that , presumably , protected the machine . do i need this for my apache ?
does this come with the c-mount as well or is it just the desk mount ?
i will be heading to my dad 's this weekend to assemble this chair . can someone please tell me what tools i need to take ?
is is white or off white ?
does this phone have a headset jack ?
does it work on multiple electrical voltages ? meaning does it work with 220v power outlets ?
does your lap stay cool with the `` beanbag '' on top ? especially on warm days ?
i 've got a macbook pro 13 '' and a very small usb mouse for it . will the mouse be useable with this lapdesk , or should i look into a bigger one ?
does scanner have a flatbed for unusal shapes ?
two questions , please:1. software collates multiple pages as single pdf doc ? 2 . scan both sides of page in single pass ?
does it print , copy , fax and scan ?
is it compatible with samsung tab 2 10.1
does n't say core size anywhere , would it work with 3 '' core tape ?
when assembled how high off the ground is the top of the lower curved rail where the wheel is attached ?
does it have speed dial ?
can these notebooks fit into the leather passport holders ?
what is the ink cartridge # ?
can this safe be screwed or bolted down ?
my desk is 2 '' thick . will the desk clamp still fit ?
can you actually see the negative or slide before you choose to scan it ? in other words , can the wolverine be used to view slides negatives ?
will this lense ( nikon 55-300 vr ) work with a nikon d80 ?
how will this work with old photo 's ?
what color is this ? white or silver ?
will this work with i phone 4 ?
my printer requires the 564 but they dont say xl on the colored cartridges ? will they still work ?
will these work for my wf 2540 ?
wondering if this is a true black or more of a dark gray color ? also wondering if the height listed is with or without the wheels on ?
i ca n't find the uattend user manuals setup guides anywhere on the uattend site or anywhere else . need to see a pdf copy before purchasing . help .
how *wide* is this organizer ? ( is it really only 10 '' wide ?
is the grid marked only in iso paper sizes ( a3 , a4 etc ) or are american paper sizes also marked ?
i need range of secendary devices signal range to the main device . is it enough good ?
is it possible to use it as a regular printer ?
has any one successfully used these with the j870dw ?
i 've had problems with `` compatible '' cartridges not working in my machines ( mostly hp . ) any issues of toner not `` registering ? ''
question for folinpros : are the crystals made by swarovski ? where is the name or logo ?
are we able to adjust the length of the monitor stand ?
i ca n't stand up for long ; i need a stool that i can lean against but not fully sit on at my standup desk . is this possible and safe ?
the description says it has usb & serial . does the printer have both inferfaces ?
what kind oil should i use ?
does the chair have lumbar support ?
does this work wirelessly , or do i need cat5 connection ?
how does the ink usage compare to hp printers ? do i have to throw away ink and get a whole new cartridge every time 1 of the 4 colors runs out ?
is this printer compatible with an android tablet ?
does 11x17 paper feed automatically ? or will i have to feed it in manually ?
if i choose `` two pens '' , are they come with two gift cases ?
worked fine at the beginning but i now have a black streak down the middle . i 've down the auto cleaning but it 's still there . any sugestions ?
can you dim the lcd screen ? does this will work with vonage ?
can i set this up with a chromebook ?
this systems works with an epson xp-410 ? is it easy to install , does it bring a manual or it has to be install with an expert ?
what size photos ultimately come out of this ? 4x6 , 2x3 ? what 's the size ?
is the basket on the back removable , and will it hit your knees when pulling it up down stairs ?
110v power works ?
is this hardware locked to any specific software or can i use the square for any credit card reading software ?
what type of toner does it need ?
is there a way to have pictures uploaded into the inventory system of each item so they can be able to be posted on facebook since it uses a tablet ?
what is the flat length of these rubber bands ?
someone reported that this scale will read 7.6 oz but it wo n't read 10.6 it will only show as 10. could anyone confirm this ?
i have lots of slides from the 1950 's that measure 2 inches by 2 inches from paper edge to edge . will these slides work on this ?
can i keep the remaining photo paper inside the device when not in use ?
are the 4 black cartridges the extra high capacity ?
would this shredder handle an average piece of junkmail without opening it ( as long as there 's no credit card in it ) ?
i am getting a usb device not recognized error when i plug the device into my usb port . do you have a solution to this issue ?
can base unit be wall mounted ?
does a wall mount come with this ?
what is the voice quality ? clear or muffled ?
does phone have a visual indicator when ringing ?
i 'm confused .
will this printer print from an ipad air without dropping the document into an app ?
how does the handset charge ? is the battery replaceable ?
does the adf scan two sided documents without user intervention ?
can you only print in black by choice ?
$ 69 printer comes with toner ? or you have to buy a part and is what you sell ?
can you turn off auto duplexing ?
if anyone has successfully used a clamp-on monitor arm with their varidesk , let me know what brand you recommend .
will this accept documents to print from a mac os ?
i got this for christmas . i am getting very inconsistent results that range from ok to outright garishly bad photo quality . is it me or the device ?
how is the scanner quality ?
what is the highest weight of cover cardstock this can print on ?
can you scan documents to a usb flash drive ?
what ink cartridge does it use ?
does this printer collate sets ? or print all copies of 1 page at a time ?
how many phone numbers can the directory hold ?
