how do the leaves attach to the tree ?
how do you hang it ? does it include adhesive ?
i 'm confused . some reviewers say it is the cards , others say the pocket chart is included . i really need the pocket chart . what 's included ?
does the lid have to be held open while filing papers ?
the pages are lined , correct ?
what are the daily pages lay out like ? is there one date per page and allotted times ( like 7am - 7pm ) or is it multiple dates on one page ?
what is the size of this journal ?
does the bookman bible come with a earbud ?
how are these different from the photo stacking cubes ?
is it really only 8 inches across ? if the individual numbers are each 2 inches , how is this possible ? does anyone have it and couldmeasure ?
does this planner have a weekly view as well ?
are the stickers reusable ? also - is writing erasable ? i suppose if you write with pencil but this calendar can not take erasable markers ?
comes in nice box ?
i have misplaced my p-touch model pt-85 user 's guide , can someone send me instructions on how to use this labeler or where i can get the instructions
i have an original model which takes three button batteries . this calculator has been on the same batteries for at least twenty years . where can i buy
what is the size of the screen alone ?
how many digits will display at a time per line ?
what does it smell like ?
does the calculator have a manual ?
is this paper glossy on one side ?
how many copies will this cartridge make ?
how does this compare to the hp 12c ?
is this thermal fax machine and can use thermal fax paper for receiving fax
how do i find the product expiration date ?
is this really original hp and never opened or re manufactured ? and not a phoney ?
does this paper feel like cardstock ?
will it fit my medical insurance card
does this calculator have a off button ?
does this calc have a `` back '' button , can you delete just the last number typed ?
how does it work at filling in employment question forms ?
where do i get a plug adapter to use in the uk as typewriter ordered has been delivered with the usa plug .
what are the font sizes ?
will this hold picture frames on carpet walls ?
is it waterproof ?
will it hold a rug down to a carpet ?
how many sheets of paper will each 'slot hold ?
i am looking for clear ( not frosted ) labels . does anyone have any advise on how i can get clear ones ?
compatible with dymo labelwriter 450 turbo ?
is this a folded card or just a front back ?
will these work with the dymo 400 ?
are envelopes incuded ?
is this paper suitable for a digital printer , zerox docucolor 1000 lazer printer ?
what is the track length ?
what size printer cable do i need
can it be wall mounted on the old hard-wired at & t wall hardware ?
need heavy phone . is it as heavy as the old western electric 2500 ( almost 4 lb . )
lm 6000b operates on 9 v dc . where can you find 4 aa cells giving you 9 volts .
i have a lexmark printer and use the # 16 lexmark cartridge . is this product truly a lexmark cartridge and not a generic brand ?
is the manual included ?
does this printer print 5x7 and smaller paper ?
which is the date that indicates the box ?
what are the dimensions of the actual drawing screen ?
is this paper or for pictures or regular ink jets
what kind size batteries does it use ?
is this phone pure white or cream colored ?
i feel like this is a dumb question but is this just regular paper to print out forms that have to be filled out and sent , etc ?
can you turn the spell check off ?
how thick is this paper ? how does the thickness compare to a business card ?
will this also work with the image outlined on tracng paper ?
is there a battery backup ?
what is the advanced setting at bottom of unit ?
is the product new and in original packaging ?
that day expires ?
does it require batterie ?
where can i get the profile for this ?
why does the picture show orig . pkg ? my exp . is 11 06 !
how much ink is in the cartridge ?
is this a 1-line or 2-line phone ?
does this phone allow a headset to be plugged in ? one says yes the other says no ?
will it scan a photo to a disk ?
is this a refurbished product or factory sealed new ?
can someone please confirm if this package is for 300 or 600 labels . is it 300 sheets in the pack as listed ?
will it run on windows7
what is the actual size of this calculator ?
does it fold up flat to fit in a backpack easily ?
has any one purchased two and stacked them ?
hp premium plus paper : do most people prefer the soft gloss or high gloss for highest quality ink jet printing of 8.5 x 11 prints ?
i wonder if the used ones include the usb cables ?
two different quantities shown - which one is correct ? the `` what 's in the box '' section says five sheets , but the product description says it 's 3 sheets . which one is correct ?
is 14.5 x 4 x 11 inches the box size or the stand measurements ?
what are the dimensions of the mounting bracket ? and can it be installed if there is a 2 inch lip under the work surface ?
will the software work on a mac ?
does this paper work with the selphy cp910 printer ? i bought it for it but i 'm unable to get it to print . is this postcard paper wrong for the cp910 ?
the phones come with his original box ?
i 've upgraded to windows 8 computer . is there any 3rd party software that allows the fujitsu fi-4120c to work with windows 8 ?
can you use this to lean an elbow on ?
is this oil only for fellowes shredders ?
can these individual compartments each hold a standard-sized rubber stamp ?
how much space is there between trays ( how tall a box can i put in the tray and not hit the next one ? )
does this package come with the editing tool ?
can this cut cardboard ?
does this book have any extra pages for internet passwords ?
are there uppercase letters and lowercase letters , or just uppercase ?
can i put my a4 paper in the time clock instead of punch card ?
is this run by electric ?
what size is the slot on top ? will a 3 1 2 '' envelope slide in ?
will it fit inside a 12 by 12 safe ?
what are the dimensions .
what is the overall size of the entire sheet ?
are these `` stiff '' or easily folded ?
can someone tell me if these will hold papers that are 9 inches across ( instead of the standard 8 1 2 inches across ) ?
how high would the bottom of a binder be from the counter when it is sitting in the rack ( 1 4 `` or 1 2 '' or less more ) ?
does this time clock have a bell ringer for breaks and lunch ?
is there any way to oil the pointer ( such as unscrewing the cap and putting a drop of oil in the hole ) ?
does this seat rest raise you up at all ? if not , any suggestions ?
can i please , please ask for red ?
i 've read that card stock paper works well with copic markers . has anyone tried that with this brand ? how does this paper stand up to marker use ?
doe this work with samsung galaxy s4 ?
will this refill fit a vintage double heart slim power point pen ?
is blue ink refill available for zebra f-301
do these work in the sheaffer no nonsense calligraphy set ?
can the body be put on `` upside down '' so that i can mount it under a counter ?
how do i refill the pencil ?
is this a pack of pencil or just one
can these be erased ?
are these good to use when you do woodburning on bags , water paper etc ?
is the binder flexible or hard
there seems to be disagreement about how sticky this tape is . can an ant walk across it without sticking ? can a roach ?
come with paper ?
are these latex free ?
what kind of eraser is it ?
i need something that works on teflon ( laboratory flasks and beakers made of teflon ) , would sharpie industrial work ?
how fine is the tip on these markers ?
does it take tot 50 or tot 10 staples ? is there anyway we can specify color choices when we order ?
are they made in usa ?
what is the capacity for this stapler ?
how do you reload the stapler ?
the description says it will fold 3 pages at a time , and up to 24lb paper . do you think it would handle one piece of 80lb paper ?
is this the correct tape for the brother ml 300 electric typewriter .
how many watts does this use ?
is there an outside pocket for quick access papers ?
will this work with an hp 61 printer with black printing only ?
does the paper work in hp ink jet printer ?
does the front gate open come off to permit dumping ?
how many x-ray folders ( roughly ) fit in one box ?
does this product also , store addresses ?
can you place two sheets of paper , back-to-back , to laminate together ?
i want to make name badges with high school graduation pictures for my class reunion . are these clip name badges good for that ?
how easy is it to remove ( tear out ) pages ?
will this fit a badge holder 2 3 8 x 4 3 8
since the sheet is 4x6 , how does it fit into the printer ?
is this a pocket or are the sides open ?
the description says `` print-to-edge capability for full-bleed design '' - why am i not able to achieve this using these labels ?
the print cartridge does it take only the one kind and is it easy to replace ?
where are these envelopes made ?
does it automatically shut off if unused for a while ?
would this work for a corner placement ?
i bought this but once i take the top paper out another one does n't come up , did i load it wrong , tried different ways ? feeling frustrated ?
will this paper fit sharp er-a420 register ?
is there any were that you can buy just the cartridges
will this hold a heavy door open over hardwood ?
do these fit pentel twist erase xp ?
what size brochure does it hold ?
picture shows caster bolts sticking up above caddy platform . how does the computer sit evenly ?
if you mount on the wall , how far does it stick out ?
is this item designed to be attached to the 'posts ' that hold the pages in place , or does it just slip over the page with no other attachment ?
printing starts off fine and then gets faint , what 's wrong ?
does it have a scanner ?
could i squeeze this out on a sheet of plexiglass and spread it with small diameter sponge roller , or is this way too thick ?
how well does this cut through multiple sheets of regular printer paper ?
does it have slip resistant finish on the bottom ?
is this paper glossy on one side ?
any chance this works on an inkjet or deskjet ?
do these leave a pool of fluid at the end of your highlighting streak ? specifically , on regular notebook paper and textbook ( glossy ) pages ?
what replacement pad do you have for this stamp 011090 ?
are these the file folders that are only open at the top and side ?
does this punch work with the day timer desk size ?
does this item come in a single and double holder ?
are they plastic or metal ?
is this a continuous feed pringer
could this presentation paper be used to print at home photo books ?
is there an expiration date on this package or cartridge ?
i have a blinking red light and a e showing no paper . printer just stopped working . help .
will this phone work when the power is out like the old phones used to ?
do the numbers on the dial light up when the receiver is picked up to make a call ?
let me get this right , the whole phone is plastic ? no wood ?
my mac is 21 '' wide and 18 1 4 `` high . will it fit in between the shelves ?
if a table of contents is provided , then are the pages numbered throughout the notebook ?
is this paper wide , narrow , or college ruled ?
what is the size of the paper clip ?
is this basically the same as this model http : www.amazon.com fiskars-196920-1001-portable-trimmer-12-inch dp b0017kye5y ref=pd_sbs_ac_1 ? ie=utf8 & refrid=064077xe7zgsybtwk5xm ?
how do you turn off the display when the machine is off ?
is this easy enough for kids ?
i make my products so there would be no bar codes - is it possible to create bar codes ?
does it calculate present value ?
will this scan both sides of the page , or just one ?
what is the expiration date on package ?
does this work with a mac ?
is the width definitely 20.5 '' ? i have exactly 61.5 '' of space . what is the width of the trim on both sides ?
is it plastic ?
will this rust if placed outside at a pool club ?
what is the length of the coiled phone cord and the cable line ?
is this printer compatible with black 17 ink ?
can this phone be used with a magic jack ?
sharp 207
will this item 's drivers be compatible with windows pro 7 os
what interface does it have ?
can anyone tell me what the core diameter is ?
i am looking for cartridges for lexmark printer x5470 what are the choices ?
i just received mine . but where is the stamp or signed ? there is service guide booklet . how warranty certificate work ? where is serial number ?
does this machine have an `` announcement only '' option ?
will this print 3x4 photos ?
does it slide under the desk to be out of the way without sticking out ?
what is lowest height and is this adjustable for changing heights
what color is this unit ?
what keeps thie from slowly dropping away from the desk and the screw holes stripping as one types , etc ?
how long is the phone 's cord ?
is it wireless ?
does the 34 '' length include the handle ? what are the actual inside dimensions on one of the shelves ?
is it `` airprint '' capabable ?
is the voice clear and without an accent ?
is this pen heavier than the black plastic one ?
this product will be boxed or not ?
can you use to print postage ?
are these dimensions correct : 20 x 0.5 x 18 inches
can we use two different papers and send the order to print from one or the other ?
does this printer come with the toner cartridge ?
will thid work with a brother ql710w ?
i just ordered the ql 700 and want to print labels to put on dvd sleeves . these seem like the right size i want but are these just plain labels ? cause it seems these have something else on them ?
is there a black block for each each label ?
does this system support music on hold ?
can it write on anything , for example : a stick of butter ?
how tall is this phone ?
what colors are in this pack ?
is it dishwasher safe
if i should need an applicator which one would be the best and easiest to use ?
can you change the combination code ?
what is the length of mic cords ?
what is the measurement ( length ) of the spine label ?
how do you use the label maker .
can this be used on printers other than hp or do you have to stick with the brand of your printer ?
can you turn the printing on and off ?
trying to figure out how much stuff will stack on each shelf . how high is the actual opening for the shelves ?
is it wall mountable ?
in grams ?
will this fold a group of pages together ( e.g. , a 3 page letter ) , or does it only fold i sheet at a time ?
my company bought one for our project use . is it suppose to be really stiff in the beginning ?
i need to put a double parallel fold for quad fold into a legal sized piece of paper will this machine handle that ?
can i use this on a heather gray shirt ? ( walmart 's steel heather gray ) . it will be in black ink . or will i have to use the dark transfer ?
what size blades do i need to order ?
can i lift the blade to see where i 'm going to cut ?
can i order more leg parts ?
where to get replacement ribbons ?
is it quiet ?
which size command hook is needed to hold this , , , would medium work ?
what is the height of this , from top hook to third pocket ?
is the refill black ( as title states ) or blue ( as desc states ) ?
are these stackable , to connect to make higher ? if so , how many could you safely stack ( for a monitor ) ?
how do you keep a record of checks printed
would these stay affixed to our cardboard storage boxes and be durable enough for weekly changing of the index cards ? also , are the index cards easy to remove ?
will the hp94 black cartridge work in the hp psc 1610 all in one printer . if not which onr will ?
how long is the handset cord that it comes with ?
what are the deminsions
has anyone used an acoustic electric such as the epiphone aj-220sce ( shadow pre-amp ) into garageband with this cable ?
is the frame made of metal or wood ?
after laminating letter sheets , can i cut them and have them stay laminated ? or will they fall apart ?
does this fit european business cards ?
how do you advance the pencil lead ?
what 's the input voltage for this model ? does it support 110v~220v ?
will this phone work with verizon fios digital pnone service ?
can the stamp be personalized ? or does it just say `` received '' ? we need two lines above the date and one below . will you guarantee the date starts with 2014 and not any earlier ?
compatibility with v500 ? i 'm considering purchasing this with the epson v500 photo . has anyone used these together with success ?
why is there a red dot on the lower left corner of the cartridge ? seems re-manufactured .
ink
does it include toner ?
i would like to have a portable , roll-able dry erase surface for tabletop roleplaying games -- could this be adhered to , say , a canvas backing ?
does this work with mac os ? i 'm wondering whether anyone used this one with apple mac .
does the writing sparkle or just the exterior of the pencils , and do they write in different colors ?
are these triplus pens water-resistant ? if i were writing in a drizzle , would they smear all over or would they hold crisp shape ?
what is the difference ? i have gone back and forth but can not figure out what the difference is between the 2400 and the 1800 - am i just blind ?
do you need an electrical line for this phone ? i do n't have a line where i need a phone ; used to have a ge battery operated phone .
how long is the warranty ?
size of posters ?
how deep is the lip on the shelves .
what are the dimensions ? i.e. , how big is it -- width , height & depth ?
how are these mounted to the wall ? what hardware come with it ?
how narrow a trail will they erase ?
do these smudge ?
where is this made from please ?
what material are they ? plastic ? paper ? linen ?
can i interface one of these to a windows xp computer ?
what color is it ?
why does n't this printer work with an iphone connected directly to the usb port ?
can it be used with windows 7 ?
i ken alderman would like to order 3 books of joshua code with free shiping can i ?
can outgoing calls be made without pushing any buttons ?
is it wireless
can this calculator do graphs ?
can it print on cd dvds ?
will a netflix envelope fit in it ?
does it take standard staples ?
does it have rubber grips on the bottoms ?
i have a canon mp470 printer . will the pg-40 work on my printer ?
will it work with the mx310 printer ?
is this a graphing calculator ? can i use it for differential equations ?
would this work for spring-loaded screen door ?
how many amps is the motor ?
it states that it `` swivels '' , which i take to mean 'rotates ' horizontally , correct ? if so , could it be stored in a 23 '' wide space ? ty ! : )
will this scan 12x12 pages ?
how far can it titlt down ? can i attach it to a desk , tilt down , lie on the floor face up and watch it like the stars ?
does this packet come with the software for avery labels . if not , how do i get it
what is expiration date ?
is it mac compatable ?
vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the ... » read more vista and pixma mp 800 compatibility i have installed a new computer with window vista as the operating system . my canon pixma mp 800 will print and copy but will not scan . i have downloaded the updated driver from the canon site . however , i am still unable to use the scan function . does anyone have any experience with this issue ? « show less
is this the canon 104 cartridge or a generic product
copier doesnt work
what is a carrier sheet ?
is this printer compatible with windows 7 ?
do you know any hacks ?
where can i buy the power plug for the printer . i lost it
your tool that say whether it will work with your printer does n't work !
what is the width ?
can i put this between the screen door and ourside door ?
is this phone works for mac ?
can the mouse tray be attached to either side , or is it exclusively right-handed ?
would this box be considered ok for outdoor use ? as in if i put it in a shower rain would water get in the box ?
is it thicker than the scotch carpet tape ?
can you write on them ?
is it worth replacing the printheads or should i buy a new printer ?
how thick is the cork ? can it absorb a normal sized push pin without the pin punching through ?
does the brother tn-580 toner cartridge have an expiration date ?
what diameter is this ?
will this cartridge work for hp psc 750 printer ?
this scans color photos ?
will this software perform with windows 7 , 64 bit processor configuration ? when i updated my pc , the stomper software i owned stopped working .
would these be thin enough for me to use a hole punch to put holes through ?
what material is used on the bottom of the desk ?
do you know if the nib can be replaced like the lamy safary pen and if it is compatible with the lamy calligraphy nib ?
what does it mean packing may vary ?
is the design on the front gold or silver ?
will i be able to put three passports in this pouch ?
does this have a double bottom ?
voip does anyone know if this system works on viop service ?
does anyone know if the charger base is sturdy ?
does this phone have fax capabilities ?
does this kits software disc have templetes for dvd black case inserts along with the dvd label ?
is this big enough for an hp pavilion dv6700 laptop ?
is there a place for a pen ?
how many pads come in the box ?
is this weather proof material will it take moisture or heat ?
mp 830 v. mp 780 can anyone help with salient differences between them ? the mp830 may be too new to know , but wondering why this might be the better machine . can you replace print catridges indivually ?
is the automatic document feeder for the scanner as well , or just for the copier printer ?
does this paper have any sheen or gloss ? looking for matte..
will kids ' cars stick to it ?
can i ise this paper with a laser printer using toner ?
registration of 6x6 negs in epson v750 even though i 've checked 6 x 6 in configuration > film size the frame does not conform to my 6 x 6 negs ; the tops of some negs are cut off , as are the bottom of others . am i missing something or is this a common problem ?
what is the largest image size this product can scan in one pass ?
does it work with windows 7 ? work with windows 7 ?
can i scan medical insurance cards ?
windows 8
are these sticky on the top ?
is the 4315 wireless
questions questions questions will it automatically connect to my work and home networks without re-entering access details ? does it support access points which require you to log on or pay via a web site ? can you use it with a headset ? why is this sort of information never in the product descriptions ? i 've been waiting for this product for so long , such a shame it 's so expensive . questions questions questions will it automatically connect to my work and home networks without re-entering access details ? does it support access points which require you to log on or pay ... » read more questions questions questions will it automatically connect to my work and home networks without re-entering access details ? does it support access points which require you to log on or pay via a web site ? can you use it with a headset ? why is this sort of information never in the product descriptions ? i 've been waiting for this product for so long , such a shame it 's so expensive . « show less
could you slide this down over your keyboard to make notations on documents ?
how many volts ?
is it electronic in anyway ?
how big are these ?
okay for a two year old ?
do you think it could be used as a puzzle rack to hold puzzles ?
what was it that you disliked about this cash box ? was it secure ?
how much storage does this have ? can the information on it be backed up on one 's computer ? is there a backlight on the device ?
is this a 6-hole binder ?
would this file be good for storing pre-printed labels on 8 1 2 '' x 11 '' paper , not force sheets into slots & prevent paper edges any dents & damages ?
is this 5 or 4 inch ruled ?
how to print w black ink only if color is empty
does the printer come with the software cd ?
i have a 24 inch monitor , how low can it go ?
is this box 12 '' wide exactly , with lid on ?
what is the diameter of the rings ?
i have 2 standard size monitors and very limited desk space with a corner in the center . would this type of stand hold 2 monitors ?
is this for canon mp470 printer ?
anyone having situations where the color is printing terribly . very frustrating . i do the regular cleaning etc with no results . what 's going on ?
1 ) what are the dimesionsofthis scale ? ( 2 ) does this weigh in both grams & ounces ?
how is it powered ?
what are the dimensions when the cart is opened ?
are you able to change the reading on the pencil by twisting it ? and does this mean you are able to put in a hb , 2b , and 2h , and switch them at will ?
is the marker tray attached ? detachable ?
do they have the poly film in the windows ?
where can i find replacement wheels ?
is thisvwhat to get when you have two or three people needing to hear a meeting ?
does this scanner do double sided cards ?
is there a way to keep the staple from tearing through the top sheet of paper ?
how thick is the envelope without anything in it ? is it under 1 4 inch ?
any complaints of the package ripping ?
can i print just black ?
would these handle a standard hardcover book about 9.5x6.5x1.5 '' . someone noted that sharp corners could be problem ... would kraft paper be better ? thx , jg
one responder said that the interior is white and another said that it is silver . does anyone know which is correct ?
when the phone is plugged into the pc , does it ring when someone calls ?
what is the warranty of the caller id ?
are the badges numbered in sequential order ?
will this printer handle faxing legal size papers ? will the receiving tray hold the papers that go through ?
does it have a usb port and cable to link to a laptop with windows 7 ?
are they made in germany ?
would this have the strength to hold 8 fully loaded binders ( 1.5 inch ring , 2 '' across the spine ) , which tend to fall over if set on a shelf ?
are the mesh dividers removable ?
my gripes with the canon mp530 - anyone else ? i already started a discussion on the faulty ink cartridges , but since then have come across other major problems ... anyone else have this many issues ? i 've had this printer for over a year , and have never gotten the scanner to work . i have a dell running windows xp sp2 . i 've reinstalled the drivers , software , everything that i could think of.it wo n't do anything ( fax , scan , etc . ) if any of the ink cartridges are out . if a color cartridge is out , you ca n't print in black and white . this is crazy . i think i 'll buy an hp printer next time , even though i despise that brand . my gripes with the canon mp530 - anyone else ? i already started a discussion on the faulty ink cartridges , but since then have come across other major problems ... anyone else have this many ... » read more my gripes with the canon mp530 - anyone else ? i already started a discussion on the faulty ink cartridges , but since then have come across other major problems ... anyone else have this many issues ? i 've had this printer for over a year , and have never gotten the scanner to work . i have a dell running windows xp sp2 . i 've reinstalled the drivers , software , everything that i could think of.it wo n't do anything ( fax , scan , etc . ) if any of the ink cartridges are out . if a color cartridge is out , you ca n't print in black and white . this is crazy . i think i 'll buy an hp printer next time , even though i despise that brand . « show less
is this a ink jet printer ?
will not print black ink . other colors work fine
i got mine today and i ca n't seem to get them to work does anyone have any tips or tricks . i tried the normal ways . they wo n't write at all . help ?
cardscanner and windows 7 i can not seem to synchronize cardscanner with windows7 . the company has told me to do different things but it still does not seem to work.has anyone successfully done this ?
fuzzy black , and yellow color somewhat have black dots smear ! i bought clp-300 just few days ago , and i noticed when i printed yellow color , it did n't look yellow bright , but it was looking dark yellow , with black dots ( astray ) , making yellow color looked dirty . when i printed a word document with some characters being highlighted yellow , i could see smudges from black toner to the yellow . perhaps it 's called bleeding , the black toner bleeds to the yellow . i 'm not sure what is the proper word for itm perhaps sumdge ? is my printer defective ? or is there anything i could do to set up or clean up to rectify this problem ?
what 'does not support vonage & factory unlocked ' means ?
input and output features i see this is advertised as a photo slide scanner . microsoft word for windows ? and am i limited to email or pdf formats for pix , or can i save as jpg ? these are crucial features in my determination as to whether to get this beast . input and output features i see this is advertised as a photo slide scanner . microsoft word for windows ? and am i limited to email or pdf formats ... » read more input and output features i see this is advertised as a photo slide scanner . microsoft word for windows ? and am i limited to email or pdf formats for pix , or can i save as jpg ? these are crucial features in my determination as to whether to get this beast . « show less
can it scan 35 mm slides ?
one of the features mentioned on their website is a `` rotating lead degree window '' near top clip . what is the function of this ?
does this envelope meet usps specification for first class letter mailing ?
i 'm looking to sell a few things on ebay . how many shirts on average can be fit inside ? as well , how many paperback books ?
are these usable to mail first class despite the extra 1 2 inch ?
how well would these protect things like books ?
are these silver color or white ?
i have a piece of foam that is 22 '' x11 '' x9 '' , so its 22 '' long , 11 '' wide , and 9 '' high . will this fit ?
what is weight on one mailer in ounces ?
can you print from a sd memory card ?
does the shelf collapse i.e . if i ned the cart to hold something tall can i collapse the top portion ?
i live in casper wy . will this pen work in subzero temps as it says ( -30 to 250 degrees ) ?
will this fit a casio fr2650tm ?
i 'm looking for a gaming pad to keep me from moving my keyboard accidentally while i play . will this give enough friction ?
can i write dvds with this model ? can it work on 220v and what is the plug ?
our calculator arrived last night and i was surprised to find a `` mini '' roll of paper instead of a real one . is the ink the same way ?
is this printer capable of printing ordinary letters , 8.5 by 11 , or just photos ?
what color is the laser ?
anyone try canon compatible ink yet ? anyone try generic ink with this printer yet ? i 've only tried a canon compatible pgi-5 black ink but it would n't accept it . the instructions required removing the chip on the oem cartridge and putting it in the generic cartridge , but my printer will display an error : `` unable to determine ink capacity '' after installing it . the printer would cease to function while in the error state . if anyone knows a work-around that 'd be great since generic ink is about 3 4 the cost of genuine canon ink . anyone try canon compatible ink yet ? anyone try generic ink with this printer yet ? i 've only tried a canon compatible pgi-5 black ink but it would n't accept it . the instructions ... » read more anyone try canon compatible ink yet ? anyone try generic ink with this printer yet ? i 've only tried a canon compatible pgi-5 black ink but it would n't accept it . the instructions required removing the chip on the oem cartridge and putting it in the generic cartridge , but my printer will display an error : `` unable to determine ink capacity '' after installing it . the printer would cease to function while in the error state . if anyone knows a work-around that 'd be great since generic ink is about 3 4 the cost of genuine canon ink . « show less
can i print metal hog tags ? or house key blanks ?
what kind of power cord does this printer use ? any help most appreciated .
would this work on hp4620 ? is this pigment ink ?
some of my problems require that i enter large exponents outside of the parenthesis . are exponents like that easy to enter on this calculator ?
it is very hard to remove the backing from the paper labels . any suggestions ?
is it worth buying this with 12 in side
what is the width when both trays are open ?
needing to make journal covers with students - is this the thickness of a cereal box ?
can these be used on black paper ?
are these regular sized letter envelopes for mailing a letter ?
is this anti-print transfer so the insert does n't meld into the plastic ?
can the makers be used on clear glass , does it easily wipe off of clear glass ?
is the space underneath the drawer sufficient to store a keyboard when no in use ?
do these markers stain clothes ?
can you print with an ink jet printer ? if so how well and crisp does the image show up ?
kind of ink the pixma pro9000 mark 11 uses.does it use 8-c ?
does it work with mac ? i just bought it . the copying and printing seem to work fine . but there 's no scanning drive for mac to download from canon 's website . all the instructions are written for pc , too . does that mean the scanner is not mac-compatible ? but then how come there is a mac logo in the produce description on canon 's website ? i really like the machine . i 'd hate to return it . no , it does n't work with mac . just so other people would know . does it work with mac ? i just bought it . the copying and printing seem to work fine . but there 's no scanning drive for mac to download from canon 's website . all the instructions are written ... » read more does it work with mac ? i just bought it . the copying and printing seem to work fine . but there 's no scanning drive for mac to download from canon 's website . all the instructions are written for pc , too . does that mean the scanner is not mac-compatible ? but then how come there is a mac logo in the produce description on canon 's website ? i really like the machine . i 'd hate to return it . no , it does n't work with mac . just so other people would know . « show less
need new batterys
are the clips magnetic ?
does this have the graph squares on both sides ?
do i have to have computer on all time to receive calls ? what if i put my computer to sleep , will skype phone still ring if someone calls me on skype ?
can a plastic bag be inserted in the bin to ease disposal of shredded material ?
does it shut off in a short time automatically ?
what kind of batteries ?
supplies for presto what about paper ( photo vs. copy paper ) ? what about color vs black & white ? what about cartridges -- where do you get them , how much do they cost , how does a naive user put them in ( really naive ) ? i must know this before i buy one . supplies for presto what about paper ( photo vs. copy paper ) ? what about color vs black & white ? what about cartridges -- where do you get them , how much do they cost , how does a naive user put ... » read more supplies for presto what about paper ( photo vs. copy paper ) ? what about color vs black & white ? what about cartridges -- where do you get them , how much do they cost , how does a naive user put them in ( really naive ) ? i must know this before i buy one . « show less
i want to hang tweezers and small scissors on a strip in my medicine cabinet . do you think the magnet is strong enough to hold these items ?
dimensions ?
that scanners is in good condition ? have any problem ?
just double checking , the adhesive side is not the side that is printed on ?
what size of file holders are use ?
is this an original hp cartridge or is a refilled cartridge ? is it in the original sealed hp package ?
will this work for a photosmart c3180 ?
what is the expiration date on this product ?
does this work with hp deskjet 6988 ?
do these cartridges used to the hp officejet 4355 ?
how many pages can this machine punch at one time ?
what is the expiration date ?
does this item self-ink ?
i 'm seeing several people say this is too small- will it hold standard size envelopes ( i.e. , bills ) ?
how long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper ?
does this work with chalk markers ?
how many squares are included in the package ?
may i know the package weight and dimension ?
what is last year it will print ?
can you label speaker wires , or electrical wires with this labeller ?
is it analog or digital ?
i need a clear , large caller id . is this the one ?
do you push it or pull it ?
does this phone have 2 phoneline jack inputs or just one ?
can you block telemarketers with this ?
can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone ... » read more can you turn off the talking caller-id ? the idea of that just bugs me ... i feel like it will be annoying . with three kids and two pets , there 's enough frantic noise and activity when the phone rings ! « show less
does hp g4050 scanjet work on windows 8 ?
cleaning
can i use a fax machine with this product ? can i hook up a fax machine to this router and get faxes on a skype my number ? if that 's possible , can i still use the base simultaneously with the fax machine ? can i use a fax machine with this product ? can i hook up a fax machine to this router and get faxes on a skype my number ? if that 's possible , can i still use the base simultaneously with ... » read more can i use a fax machine with this product ? can i hook up a fax machine to this router and get faxes on a skype my number ? if that 's possible , can i still use the base simultaneously with the fax machine ? « show less
where can i get the drivers to download to my mac
can i use these for plastic and glass storage containers in the fridge ?
can these be used as an everyday dry erase eraser ( i.e . without adding water ) ? or more designed for a thorough board cleaning ( w out using cleanser ) ?
what is the size of the stamp area
can this machine punch thick laminated pages ?
can you use the wire combs with this machine , or does it only use plastic ones ?
in the heading it says there is a bonus pack of two more colours..is that true does it actually come ?
is it hipaa complient ?
will this machine laminate only the top side of a document if one of the rolls is removed ?
epson photo 1400 ink drops on portraits got as a gift in christmas 2007 ... stopped using because of ink drops on pictures ... quit using went back to my hp 6180what 's wrong ... ?
do the bills stay in place ?
does it have the speaker feature ?
will this phone work with digital phone service ?
using this phone overseas does anyone know if this would be a cost effective solution if i am currently residing in the us and traveling to india ?
i have a two unit panasonic kx-tg3031b , will this single unit work with what i already have ?
how many pages not including front and back ?
will it work on dry erase boards ?
are these for 2014 ?
what size are they ?
what does the 7 in the 7 x 1 8 refer to . the diameter , the radius , the length when the band is laid against a ruler without stretching ?
can you heat shrink wrap with this roll ?
how many inches are there from the floor the the base of the long rod holding the table ?
does this vendor have fresh stock in good packaging ?
does it show on receipt tape `` dept 1 '' and `` dollar amt '' or just `` dollar amt '' ?
what operating systems is it compatable with ?
is this really a new model ?
what kind of material is the cover made of ? is it the standard solid plastic that most binders have ? or does it look more like fake thin leather ?
what is the height from the floor to the bottom of the drawer part of the stand ?
i have a canon mp190 series printer scanner and neither cartridge i just purchased are recognized by it . i purchase 31 & 30 with now issues . pls help
will i get the exact model shown in the official pic ?
is the chain pull strong like a retractable dog leash or weak like a cheap plastic name tag pully ?
thickness or page amount i was thinking of buying this as a gift . i do n't want this to end up being the type of journal where you write one long entry and then all of the pages are used up . does anyone know if there are a substantial amount of pages in this journal ? thickness or page amount i was thinking of buying this as a gift . i do n't want this to end up being the type of journal where you write one long entry and then all of the pages are used up ... . » read more thickness or page amount i was thinking of buying this as a gift . i do n't want this to end up being the type of journal where you write one long entry and then all of the pages are used up . does anyone know if there are a substantial amount of pages in this journal ? « show less
could this phone be compatable with a digital phone line ?
is it easy to set up menu and bar drinks ?
how do i clear a carriage jam ?
is this calendar also in spanish ?
am i overlooking the ee button on this calculator or does it have an equivalent ?
is this version recyclable ?
is this model 332-016-bk the same as 332-026 ?
is there a way to lock the horizontal swing of the device in a selected position ?
what are the shipping dimensions of the chair ?
can it go on a fridge ?
i would like to post this up on my bedroom wall so is there any other way to elevate it without a magnetic surface ( e.g . fridge ) ?
does it do cube roots ?
about how much does this board weigh ?
is the software required for successful scanning ? or can you scan to your hard drive without the software ?
what kind of ink is this ? i.e . india ink . also , is it permanent ?
are these pages lined on both sides ? are the lines dark or light ?
are these boards magnetically receptive , or magnetic ? as in , do magnets attract to them , or is it a magnet itself ?
i want to use this to display greeting cards i am making by hand . they measure 7.25 '' x5 '' . i do n't see the measurements . can you provide them please ?
is this a `` ti nspire cas '' or a `` ti nspire cas+ '' calculator ?
can i use 12 '' paper with this ?
will this machine handle larger paper sizes such as legal ?
can i tilt the keyboard somewhat making it easier to type ?
has anyone ever had to oil the motor ? if so , how ?
what voltage range does this shredder accept ?
my current wall phone has a line cord with a j11 on each end-it clips into the wall jack -does this phone have the same arrangement ?
it can be configured to display in kg ?
is this item blank on the front ?
when you underline a phrase , does it leave a blot of ink at the end of a line ?
does this phone mount to wall ?
can you change the frequency on the remote so as not to interfere with another one in the same vicinity ?
is this a genuine brother productr
is this a hard plastic or a soft moveable plastic ?
does the pen rattle when the point is out ? like the other version of this pen ?
i am looking for styrofoam only peanuts to use on the bottom of my plant pots so they will get wet . is this styrofoam ?
can i scan without ink ?
does this product recognize arabic langauge ?
is fm pro9 compatable with mac os 10.9 mavericks .
can you dial a number using the hands free mode or must you pick up receiver , dial , then use speaker ?
the picture has purple orange keys for the calculator ? if i order a calculator will it have the normal blue yellow color keyboard layout ?
color ink dots i have two of these printers and both are now getting small color dots on the printed pages . one is just the red and the other is rainbowany thoughts ?
are there undated diary incerts with this planner ?
is this high enough for a 5 ft 5 1 2 in person to comfortably work at a 36 in kitchen counter ?
how high will it go ?
can the stool be assembled without the caster wheels , or are they fixed to the footring ?
will this fit in this .5 pencil ? ( http : www.amazon.com gp product b0006hxqxa ref=ox_sc_act_title_2 ?
are there envelopes with the cards
could i mount this product in my desk drawer ?
what are the actual cash drawer dimensions ?
will this mouse pad work with my mac ?
does it come with a refill ?
can you use standard dry erase pens with the lorell dry erase board ?
will this phone work with my rca25423 re1 25424 re1 i need call id
where do you get ink refills ? just got the c7280 and realized ink will be an issue . tried to find the 02 cartridge set like the one that comes with printer , no luck . if bought separately , all these cartiridges will be way to expensive to use.anyone else 's mileage vary ? any hints ?
does the tape have end of roll indicator ?
is it perforated ? how many holes does it have ?
any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you happen to have one printed out ? any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you ... » read more any one have $ 50 mail in rebate form from last week ? i forgot to print out $ 50 mail in rebate from last week . can not find it any more . anyone knows where to get it or willing to email me if you happen to have one printed out ? « show less
can this printer work wirelessly ?
will it scan negatives larger than 35mm ?
is this a wireless printer ?
does it contain ink cartridges ?
this mousepad dimenions are listed as 17.7 x 3.9 x 3 and i do n't think that is correct . can you list the proper dimensions for this ? it cant possibly be 3 inches by 17.7 inches by 3.9 inches can it ? this mousepad dimenions are listed as 17.7 x 3.9 x 3 and i do n't think that is correct . can you list the proper dimensions for this ? it cant possibly be 3 inches by 17.7 inches by 3.9 inches ... » read more this mousepad dimenions are listed as 17.7 x 3.9 x 3 and i do n't think that is correct . can you list the proper dimensions for this ? it cant possibly be 3 inches by 17.7 inches by 3.9 inches can it ? « show less
what is the size of the badge and how many come in the box ?
about how many pages will each folder hold ?
black and white negatives to positive prints ? i guess this is kind of a naive question , but i have several thousand 35mm black and white negatives that i want to scan , and then enlarge and print in a positive image . does this unit allow you to do that ? or do i scan with this unit , and then use other software to make the negative into a positive image . any advice would be welcome .
i took off the long yellow ink cartridge cover at the end , and installed , but the printer is only printing black pages . any ideas ?
are the white blotches from the printer or toner ?
would theses stickers work good on a skateboard ? can they take a beating from rails and weather ?
need info in what 512 mb memory so-dimm works with this printer . has anyone upgraded the memory on this printer yet ? i would like to max out the ram to 640mb ( 128 + 512 additional ) .specs from brother 's website : this machine has 128 mb of standard memory and one slot for optional memory expansion . you can expand the memory up to 640 mb by installing dual in-line memory modules ( so-dimms ) . when you add the optional memory , it increases the performance for both copier and printer operations.in general , the so-dimm must have the following specifications : type : 144 pin and 64 bit outputcas lantency : 2clock frequency : 100 mhz or morecapacity : 64 , 128 , 256 or 512 mbheight : 31.75 mm ( 1.25 inches ) dram type : sdram 2 banki ca n't seem to locate brother 's recommended brands buffalo techworks so-dimms.what brand should i get , and is it available on amazon ?
what is the expiration date ?
minimum cut size ? i heard that this cutter would not measure all the way down to 1 8 '' , which i need to be able to do my paper quilling . is that true ?
if this pen comes with black ink , can i have to switched to blue ?
is there anything engraved on the pen ? like `` space '' or something like some of the other pens ?
what are the dimensions
are they worth it ?
how do you make it visible once it dries ?
is the letter will fit ?
what are the dimension of the calculator
would this paper work for kodak dock 3 ?
how thick is this bar mat ?
how do you change the ribbon ?
what is the max height the front will lft up to ?
faxing ability  and am interested in hearing from owners about it 's faxing capabilities.i currently have an hp all-in-one which has real issues sending and receiving faxes properly . can anyone share their experience with this printer ?
replacement battery ?
is the mesurement 15 '' outside of cabinet width or inside of drawer space ?
are batteries included
will this platform accommodate an ergonomic keyboard ? ( what are the dimensions of the keyboard area ? )
can i plug this phone into a regular phone jack in the wall or do i have to connect to the internet ? any help would be appreciated .
is there a handle or something for carrying ?
will the scanner scan at a resolution for email ? i need to scan pages and then email them . currently my terrible hp scanner will only scan at one resolution . i have to scan each page separately and then take each one and go into adobe photoshop and save the file for the web . then i have to attach one page at a time to an email . before the hp was replaced it would scan in a small enough resolution for email , but they changed the software . will the scanner scan at a resolution for email ? i need to scan pages and then email them . currently my terrible hp scanner will only scan at one resolution . i have to scan each page separately ... » read more will the scanner scan at a resolution for email ? i need to scan pages and then email them . currently my terrible hp scanner will only scan at one resolution . i have to scan each page separately and then take each one and go into adobe photoshop and save the file for the web . then i have to attach one page at a time to an email . before the hp was replaced it would scan in a small enough resolution for email , but they changed the software . « show less
how is the odor level of the shredder ?
i need to mount this phone on the wall but the receiver does not stay on the holder . is there a button or something that keeps it from falling off the
does the blue barrel have threads on the lead end or does the mechanism screw into the silver part of the barrel ?
i 've been seen quite a few people note it is rather flimsy . is that just the plastic tray , or is the metal bracket flimsy ? i 'm thinking i may just reinforce the entire bottom with some fiberglass if it 's flimy so strengthen it up . i 've been seen quite a few people note it is rather flimsy . is that just the plastic tray , or is the metal bracket flimsy ? i 'm thinking i may just reinforce the entire bottom with some ... » read more i 've been seen quite a few people note it is rather flimsy . is that just the plastic tray , or is the metal bracket flimsy ? i 'm thinking i may just reinforce the entire bottom with some fiberglass if it 's flimy so strengthen it up . « show less
are the hp74 and 75 combo pack cartridges compatible with the hp photosmart c5280 printer ?
how long is this embosser able to reach from the bottom or top of the paper ?
orientation adjustable ? i.e . can i stamp on a postcard , the back flap of an envelope , a book , etc and it 's not sideways or upside down ?
would this embosser be suitable for stationary , envelopes and napkins ? can you adjust the stamp to emboss on the top of the page vs bottom ?
how do i provided my information to be put on the seal ?
my computer desk is not real wood , but compressed board . would it be a problem with the screws or with the strength ?
can you attach a pen pencil to the notebook ?
is the leather smooth tanned leather or is it suede ?
does the cx100 works with gotomeeting ?
has anyone run these through a laser printer ?
will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ? here is alink to the stickers avery shipping labels for laser printers , 8.5 x 11 inch , white , box of 100 ( 5165 ) will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ? here is alink to the stickers avery shipping labels for laser ... » read more will this paper cutter cut `` sticker paper '' in stacks of 50 or more ?
my desk does n't have req . 18 '' depth . would installing this sideways and then swivelling the cpu 90deg work ?
i want to make a booklet with four folded sheets stapled in the center . would this paper be too thick to fold into a multi-page booklet ?
how do you change the cartridge ?
will it support a kindle fire
what 's the deal with `` drums '' ? i know alot of laser printers use drums . i also know they can get pricey . what 's the deal on the hl-2140 ?
is this made is usa ?
is it flammable ?
you said you bought this in 2009 ?
does this have to stay connected to a computer at all times ? looking to find out exactly how it works .
is this a sublimation printer to ?
i did not receive an installation manual . does anyone have one ?
do you need to buy the hanging files ? or do they come with it ?
i have internet but i have a useage for one day how will it efficient it
what color is the leather ?
does this phone have the capability to forward to another number ?
`` does this phone feature `` audible '' caller id like the older at & t 1855 ?
is it caller id ready ?
do these gel inks stain as bad as , or worse than , regular ink ?
what is the year date range on this stamp
with this machine can i identify fake money ?
what is the overall size of the printer ?
is it a wireless printer
is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply ?
what is the thickest media that can be passed through it if i only care about surface temp ? mat board too thick ?
what is the top limit for thickness ?
is this printer reliable and high quality
loud ?
will it hold a printer ?
can you download it instead of using a cd ?
what does t p mean
does this phone have a volume control for the ear piece ? is it hearing aid compatible ?
does fone have headset jack ?
what is the impression size ?
how tall is the shredder ? >
does the ink dry out if it is not removed from the stamp when you are done using it ?
i am looking to buy these to use in my adult coloring book-will they tear up the paper ?
pocket size phones available ? i am looking for a phone my elderly father can drop in his pocket and forget about until he needs it . any suggestions ?
how many inches long is a stapler
could i fit a printer on the bottom shelf and sit a cpu tower on the top ?
is this for use in laser printers ?
how many colums per page ?
what is the size of the ring ? is it 1 1 4 , 1 1 2 or 2 inches , usually a 1 1 2 inch can accommodate 300 pages and a 2 inch = 400 pages .
does this portfolio lay perfectly flat on a table when opened ?
is there a rubber base of some sort to keep it from sliding ?
can this be used as a stand alone , or does it need to be connected to computer ? does it convert negitives ?
how tall and how wide is printer ? please be specific .
what exactly does the 7 year limited warrantey cover ?
was the design flaw which caused many people to lose this pen corrected ?
size
is this compatible with mf4350d ?
the picture shows the files hanging front to back not side to side can i hang the files side to side that is why i wanted a lateral filing cabinet .
how to integrals in respect to y axis using casio fx-9750gii ?
what size fillers does this model use
work on pc ?
is this the 12 '' version or the 6 '' version ?
how do i change the ink cartridge
lexmark 5650 printer . amazon says one 36xl or 37xl will work . this item containing both cartridges says they will not work . which is correct ?
i received my pen , but the additional rollerball nib that comes with it is stuck inside the top end of the barrel and it wo n't come out . suggestions ?
would this be compatable with windows 8 ?
where is this stapler made ? is it made in china or taiwan ?
can the rear lip be removed ?
can i use this product for keychain size cards ?
does it use latin american spanish or spanish from spain ?
what is the cabinet made of ?
can i turn one of the desks to the opposite side to create almost a 2-person ?
any problem if i put a small microwave oven on top shelf , and a compact toaster oven on middle shelf .. dimensions are good - weight capacity fine -
i want to make coasters and use this to seal them -- how soon could i use the coasters after applying ? i ca n't wait 4 weeks , do i need a different kind ?
is the ink converter included ?
would this tape be ok to secure my pickup bed liner at rear edges to the truck metal bed or is it overkill for this app ? pete c , ct
what kind of liquid chalk markers can you use this with ?
the cartridges come in original box hp , where you can clearly see the expiration date ?
can i refill this cartridge ?
i have a hp officejet4500 desktop , product cc653am . will this produce be the right one for my printer ?
does this have a scanning function ?
snow leopard support any word on how the printer does under snow leopard ? it is listed by apple as supported hardware but has anyone actually tired it ?
is there any assembly required ?
how do you personalize the stamp ?
what are the dimensions ?
how do i get a replacment manual
does it automatically clear both memories when the top is closed ?
can it be used on concrete and is it weather proof ?
i have a long leather coat .it is so heavy to wear and i am thinking of cutting it off and making a short jacket.do you think this would work on this ?
is this the bin unit whose dividers have 4 ~ 3 4 '' wide 'feet ' that hold divider upright ?
as the description mentions that these boxes are good for `` archival filing '' and in a separate location they say for photo storage ... are they acidfree ?
what is the weight of the hp photosmart c4480 printer
is this calendar reversible ?
would these fit comfortably around a wrist ?
does anyone know of a fountain pen cartridge converter that will fit my parker sonnet fountain pen other than a parker converter ?
is this in blue ink ? would appreciate if anyone could tell me .
what are the dimensions of the individual compartments ? how wide , deep and tall ?
does it come in a gift box ?
what is the life span of the fujitsu scanner
does the sliding shelf extend only out the right side or can it extend from either side ?
can you use traditional chalk on it ?
only one bottle for $ 14.99 ? one 1.6oz bottle ?
*not for photosmart plus printers* in desc.. but the will this work with your printer tool says it will work on b210e photosmart plus . which is true
will this work in a photosmart premium c309 ?
will this work for the 4620 officejet printer ?
will these work on chalkboard paint ?
where was made these pencils ?
this is bivolt 110-220 volt or only 110 volt ?
does it arrive fully assembled ?
can be printed on wood and has white ink cartridge ?
are there similar holders for horizontal postcards photos ?
how thick of a roll of 2 inch packing tape can it hold ?
what does monochrome mean ?
what is the range of # s included on each stamp ?
can you bind using wires smaller than 9 16 '' ? it does n't say `` up to '' 9 16 '' , so i 'm unclear if i can use smaller diameter wires ?
does this stamper include 0 and 9 ?
solar
is this stand base open at the bottom , as the new case i am using has the power supply in the base and the case must be open creating good air flow ?
is calibration mandatory ? what weights do you need ?
how wide is the cpu shelf ?
does this product include the luggage loopos ?
is this for 100 sheets ( of 2 labels = 200 labels ) or for 100 labels ?
can this labels be used in a zebra lp 2824 plus ?
do these have the perforation between labels for easy tearing ?
how does this tool work ? how long is the rod ? and does it put up the t-bar hooks , the plastic ceiling hangers ?
what kind of metal is this made from ?
does it work with 64 bit systems ?
will the ms420 and ms400 models stack on top of each other ok ?
does this multi pen have an eraser ?
is one of the slots big enough to hold a letter vertically ?
the photo output tray on my photosmart b8550 is stuck in the up position . any ideas how i can make it come down ?
i do n't have poe - will a sperately purchased power supply work with this ?
where are these made ?
is there a limit on the thickness of the book that this can hold ? what 's the tray width ?
how does the 7 point star badge attach ? also , i 'm assuming the city of eugene police badge is just an example and or it comes off ?
is this compatible with mac os x 10.7 lion ? the description says this is compatible with 10.3 through 10.5 but has anyone tried to use this with lion ? it seems odd that apple would recommend this scanner on their website if it did n't work with lion . is this compatible with mac os x 10.7 lion ? the description says this is compatible with 10.3 through 10.5 but has anyone tried to use this with lion ? it seems odd that apple would recommend this ... » read more is this compatible with mac os x 10.7 lion ? the description says this is compatible with 10.3 through 10.5 but has anyone tried to use this with lion ? it seems odd that apple would recommend this scanner on their website if it did n't work with lion . « show less
can you use a laptop and a second monitor ?
« show less
good model for taking on the road , ie . different places where you do n't know if the phone system is analog or digital ? connects to cell or computer ?
how big are the rings ?
can you tell me if 1 '' wide masking tape rolls would work with this dispenser ?
does this phone need to be the only one in the house - will it work with other landline phones plugged in their respective plugs ?
does the amplicification feature have to be turned on each time or once it 's been set , it is in use ?
does it have a speakerphone ? where is the icon ?
card stock , heavyweight coated paper capable ? samsung clp-315w color laser printer like 11 x 17in ?
what is the expiration date .
are these cartridges refillable by the customer
can you refill these with a standard roll of tape ?
hello . do you think it would hold two 24 '' monitors ?
what material is this made out of
what are the overall outside measurements of this book ?
is the microfiber pink ribbon starter daytimer the same size ( and inside ring size ) as the pink leather , which is inside ring size of 1.25 , i believe ) .
would like to order 4 bags , are the keys usable on each bag or seperate ?
can this be shared by two people for use with two different computers ?
how many come in a box
do i need to do anything different when installing an xl cartridge ?
do these cartridges have the computer chip in them ?
will this paper work with my ip6700d printer and give me better pics than kodak paper i have been using ?
does it work well with a netbook ?
my cpu enclosure is 9 in . wide , will this fit ?
beautiful pen , but does the cap stay on ?
where do i look to order more letters for the sign ?
is interface software compatible with windows 7 home prem included ?
ion 35 mm slide scanner : i lost the software cd . how can i get the software ? or a cd copy ?
is the bottom plastic nylon or fiber that meets the floor
does this product use separate cartridges for black and color ?
does the printer come with ink ? does the printer come with ink ? i know they usually do n't but i want to know for sure before i buy it and if i have to buy the inks which ones do i need to get since there are like 6 of them . does the printer come with ink ? does the printer come with ink ? i know they usually do n't but i want to know for sure before i buy it and if i have to buy the inks which ones do i need to get ... » read more does the printer come with ink ? does the printer come with ink ? i know they usually do n't but i want to know for sure before i buy it and if i have to buy the inks which ones do i need to get since there are like 6 of them . « show less
i need the installation disk for my canoscan lide 200 - where can i get one ?
is there a specific model for the refill of this pen ?
for someone who has one of theses , would it work for transporting groceries up steps ?
how large are the rectangular holes on the walls and floor of the cart ? if i put an apple in the cart could it fall out ? what about a peach ?
does it dry flexibly - will it have any shock absorption like e6000 ?
do these binders have a plastic cover to slip in a book cover page ?
what material is the stand made of ?
will it sharpen a new pencil good
do these have three holes in them for placing in a binder ?
is there a tray to hold markers ?
is this oem or non oem ?
how big is it ?
what is the product expiration date on the box ?
what is the date on this ink ? i recently bought epson ink for my 810 printer and received dried out 2009 ink ! waste of time , money . need shelflife pls
the name says `` 100 pages '' but the picture of the back said `` 100 sheets 200 pages '' . which is it ?
will it leave a mark on aluminum long term ?
is this 220 power ?
are the frames square wood so i could mount hinge on edge ... if so how thick is it ? and on a previous question you said do n't buy this thing ? are you
is the frame removeable ?
how thick is the cork portion ( not just the frame ) ?
could you fold the portfolio to write on it ?
is it strong at the perforations ?
is this binder cardboard or plastic underneath the material ?
i need it to raise the laptop by about 4 '' - will it do that ?
does the handset show duration of a call ?
the machine `` cassida 3300 '' , detected the new ( last ) bills of us $ 100.00. ?
can it print language other than english ?
where is the 440cn option ?
does this memory also work for early 2008 macbook models ?
does this work in a brother hl-2040 ?
i 'm curious what the difference is between this and the skilcraft alpha tech 3 also found here on amazon . anybody know ?
how important is it to use clay-base paste when hanging ?
how many refills are included ?
what is the best way t o erase dry erase markers ? has anyone tried the wet erase markers on this ?
the smead product # 73234 description indicates a 5.25 inch gusset . the product dimensions description indicates a 3.4 dimension . which is accurate ?
can it be set to pulse ?
do these require extra postage or is a forever stamp fine ?
are the speakerphones on both the base and handsets full duplex ? ( i.e . when using speakerphone , both parties audio flows through simultaneously )
does this machine have a beep that alerts you when a message is waiting ?
what are the dimensions
has anyone tried using these with the creative memories laminator ?
what is the cart made of ?
does the tray lock in place when out in ?
how many inches is the black ( rubber ) part ... excluding the metal stem .
is this an original direct from hp ?
anybody know how to refill one of these cartridges ?
the retractor click does not work anymore and i ca n't use the pen . can you provide me with the warranty contact information ?
will it stick in high temperature inside auto ?
does this scanner do well scanning store receipts ?
one of my handset wo n't work ... it does n't show a display at all and i just hear a ticking sound any idea that the problem is ?
does this phone have talking caller id ?
does this phone offer a `` good '' speaker phone , or a way to add or plug in at least two headsets ?
will this phone work with my model kx-tga740c ?
how many call can you block ?
does this headset come with belt clip ?
are there 12 books in each pack ?
how does the stapler work in the 25-45 page range ?
how thick is the metal ?
what is the max width of this ?
where do you install ink cartriages
do the sleeves hold credit cards as well , or just business cards ?
is this spray adhesive ok for mounting photos to a foam core board ?
is this a dry erase board
warranty on this chair ?
is it a duplex printer ?
does this color laser printer come with any toner cartridges ... or at least the black ink one ?
when removed , does this tape leave residue ?
what is the correct wall mount for this phone ?
black ink cartridge does not print correctly . horizontal stripes make prints unreadable . have tried `` clean print cartridge '' . is cartridge defective ?
does anyone have any feed back on this ? is it worth buying ?
what 's the difference between this vs. mfc-7440 ? i do n't understand why brother released this model , it is basically the same as the more expensive 7440 model , only that the 7440 prints 23 paper per minute , and the 7340 only 21 ppm.anything else ? what 's the difference between this vs. mfc-7440 ? i do n't understand why brother released this model , it is basically the same as the more expensive 7440 model , only that the 7440 prints 23 ... » read more what 's the difference between this vs. mfc-7440 ? i do n't understand why brother released this model , it is basically the same as the more expensive 7440 model , only that the 7440 prints 23 paper per minute , and the 7340 only 21 ppm.anything else ? « show less
will theses work for my ip 2600
is the canon canoscan 3297b002 lide 700f compatible with mac osx 5.8 ? if not , which one is ?
can you print on fabric for photo quilts ?
will this stick totupperware and plastic ziplock bags ?
what type of hp ink does it require ? does it allow you to print both sides ?
what size laptop does it fit ?
can this phone be mounted on a wall ?
with the intercom feature can any of the handsets ring the other allowing a coversation between them ? how do you like this phone for that purpose ?
the amazon description says it 's expandable up to 12 handsets , but the manufacturer 's info states it 's only expandable to 6 handsets . which is it ?
i have one of these , but i need two more handsets . would the phone system you arae selling be compatible with the identical one i have now ?
can the base be mounted on a wall ?
is there any way you can reject an unwanted caller that keeps calling ?
can plug in a headphone mic ?
would this work with my cl4939
« show less
led display is no longer readable-what do i do ?
does this include the computer software ? is this a complete bundle ? does it have everything you need to get started ?
does this come with a power cord too ?
can this item hold a book larger than its dimensions ( height and width , not the thickness of the book ) ?
is this a non-shellac ink ?
how do i load the lead ?
do these cartridges work with luxury jinhao 250 fountain pens ?
are these ink cartridges appropriate for a kodak 3200 ?
how large is the weighing surface ?
would this work for a canvas poster , it 's a bit thicker than a normal poster or map ?
will these hold a vinyl banner or are they built more for paper posters ?
is this solid wood or mdf , or particle board ?
can i paint the whole desk white ?
i 'm confused .. is this like a normal phone , i mean can i connect it directly to my land phone or it should be specific lines ?
physical dimensions
scansnap s1500 vs. visioneer strobe 500 i 'm trying to decide between these two . has anyone looked at both and compared ?
how wide is the lip .
how much more does the `` high yield '' cartridge print over the standard tn-620 ?
will this take rolodex blank cards , if you want to add hand written contact info ?
is unit audable
does it require wifi
height of 1st shelve
replaceable blades ?
afraid to ask : is it unwise to refill the toner cartridge using a toner refill kit ?
does this printer work for macs ?
does this scanner have the ability to file say all of the receipts from `` target '' or `` kohl 's '' automatically or do you have to do this manually ?
how do you set up the 890dw to copy legal size documents . legal size paper in tray but do n't know how to set up copier .
exactly what is involved with the assembly . how much problem with wood splitting .
are these labels white or clear ?
scan snap s1500 pdf to editable word conversion does anyone know if requested does the s1500 scanner and software convert a pdf document to an editable word document ?
does it support legal size paper ?
does the cart hit your heels when you pull it ?
does this calculator have built-in computer algebra system ?
i am wanting to order 40 of these . do you have 40 available ?
my current hauser 777sf refill has the pen spring attached to it , it appears ? none of these compatible hauser 777 refills have it ?
how long is cord ?
do ink cartridges dry up ?
does this have dura max porcelain ?
wifi
i am left handed myself and i see no need for this pencil arent all pencils universal they are just cylinders so what is the purpose of this ?
hard or soft cover ?
what is the picrure like when printing on cd ?
do you have the dimesnions for the mouse pad click area ?
will this printer print in black if i install only a black ink cartridge ?
anyone know if envelopes with one of these postage labels still goes through a meter , or is the postage already `` cancelled '' and thus forgo the meter ?
you indicate the dymo 450 turbo , `` prints on easy-peel , split-back d1 tape ( 1 4- , 3 8- , or 1 2-inch sizes ) . '' where does the tape cartridge go ?
i bought my aeron chair without the arms completely . does this item include both the screws , arms , and armrest covers needed to add arms to my chair ?
can you use a laser printer ?
does each roll have 1500 ' or is that the total length ?
what are my font choices ?
can this be good for a signature stamp ?
windows 7 compatibility is this compatible with windows 7 without a big driver download hassle ?
just got the paper but it measures 8x6 as it does not fit in the 5.x7 photo frames . is that normal that the paper is 1 inch bigger each side ?
for cents do you always have to enter decimal ( . ) symbol before entering the cents ?
is this set good for hp officejet print 8500 ( hp ink cartridge 940 , 940xl ) and 9500 series ?
is it audible caller id or text only ?
does it offer a telephone cable to plug into the wall ?
does this machine require a distinctive ring from your phone provider to differentiate a call from a fax ?
can it be a calculator ?
mac compatable
what are the dimensions of this item
can this material be easily cut ?
is there a replacement ribbon available ?
does it have speaker phone ?
is there a way to turn the ringer off ?
the black on my cis system for an artisan 810 has suddenly stopped working . any suggestions ?
will this ribbon fit a remington graduate ?
does the door stay open without you holding it open ?
i just purchased a smith corona galexie scm portable model from an antique shop . would this spool ribbon fit ?
is this can work with nis shekels ?
would a person who is 6'7 ' tall be able to push this without bending over in the process ?
i have a clarity d603 will this phone work with mine ?
i bought 3 of these on 7 29. they worked until last week when all 3 expired based on date . can the chips be reset ?
what is the grip ring stem ?
what is the longest time this pencil has lasted you ?
hello . what are the dimensions of this product ?
can you use a headset with this phone ?
what is the exact length when retracted ?
can the pink page be printed on the back page ?
previous box had a reorder # ec855-br . is this the same one ?
could i use it to capture stills from 8 mm or super 8 mm film ?
how many phone lines does it support
do these load from the middle side or from the top ?
does the back end of the pen fit into the cap to keep the two attached while the pen is open ?
is this mac compatible ?
is the cordless phone made so flat the call can be cut off by a cheek bone or other part of the face ?
what is the size ( in mm ) of the nibs ?
which direction do the files face in the bottom drawer ? toward you if opening the drawer or to the side ?
hi ! does this pen come with a converter or a catridge ? do i need to buy a ink converter seperately ?
i have to print on location sometimes where there is no plug in , is there a power cord that would plug into a cigarette lighter on my car ? thks
what is the capacity of these envelopes ?
does this allow you to control your cursor as well ?
what type of battery needs ?
is the 11 by 17 the outside dimensions or the inside dimensions ?
are you able to print via wireless or network ? can you print from multiple computers with windows 8.1 pro ?
are these hooked together or can they be hung separately ?
since the dimensions are stated as being 12 '' x12 '' my question is does this file really accommodate 12 '' x 12 '' sheets of paper ?
what is the size
where is the indictor light that shows thee is a message on the answering system ?
do you know how can i but the refills.im confusing it !
is this product compatible with lenovo b590 ? windows 7
how do i print only in black ?
and i´ll like to know if this system works with my printer ... can u help me ?
can this scan multiple pages at a time ?
does it work with the macair ?
will this hold large envelopes ?
does it have a piece that goes under the door , or does it just stand next to the door ?
ok if i purchase the ooma and i have a 1 line panasonic cordless with 3 handsets . will all the handsets work as only the base station has a traditional phone landline plug the other 2 handsets plug into the electrical outlet.. ok if i purchase the ooma and i have a 1 line panasonic cordless with 3 handsets . will all the handsets work as only the base station has a traditional phone landline plug the other 2 handsets plug ... » read more ok if i purchase the ooma and i have a 1 line panasonic cordless with 3 handsets . will all the handsets work as only the base station has a traditional phone landline plug the other 2 handsets plug into the electrical outlet.. « show less
are there rails for hanging folders ?
how many copies
toner
flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless ... » read more flakey envelope feed has anyone found a solution to the way the printer misfeeds envelopes about 90 % of the time ? brother mfc-9320cw high quality digital color all-in-one printer with wireless networking you seem to be slightly more successful by sliding the envelopes in rather fast , hitting a stop inside , which `` sometimes '' results in the machine grabbing the envelope in . more often than not , you hear it try to grab the envelope , but it fails , resulting in the misfeed error message , having to open up the top of the printer , etc . to reset . has there possibly been a firmware update that addresses this issue ( i have n't found one ... ) ? « show less
is this the same length as the sheaffer universal pen cartridge ?
will this particular tv riser hold a 50 '' flat screen tv so i can place my soundbar in front of it ?
does it come assembled
does it work for epson l355 ?
how do i wear it on my left side ?
is this shredder dual voltage ?
is this network printer ?
sometimes when scanning a slide , the unit freezes up and the only way to continue scanning is to unplug the power supply and plug it in again . why ?
do you need to have a white board to project on to , or will elmo project on a chalk board ?
calibration does it come with the 500 gram calibration weight pictured in the illustration ? the picture just about implies that it could be used to calibrate the scale . is it certain someone has not made a mistake in stating that a 75 lb . weight is required for calibration ? calibration does it come with the 500 gram calibration weight pictured in the illustration ? the picture just about implies that it could be used to calibrate the scale . is it certain someone has ... » read more calibration does it come with the 500 gram calibration weight pictured in the illustration ? the picture just about implies that it could be used to calibrate the scale . is it certain someone has not made a mistake in stating that a 75 lb . weight is required for calibration ? « show less
is it compatible with windows 7 ?
is this and the software that comes with the scanner compatible with mac osx computers ?
would a cd fit in here ?
my embosser is 1.57 '' dia . , what size seals should i use , will the 2 '' seals work ?
this is desk organizer for legal size 8,5 '' x13 '' ?
how low will this chair go ?
is this a metal file cabinet or wood ?
does this pen work with an apple macbook pro laptop ?
how heavy is this paper ? i want to make re-usable cut-out patterns ; would it hold up to repeated tracing of fine details ? -
does it print id photo of diferents sizes ?
is the lip included in the measurement ( i.e. , within that 35 '' or 53 '' ) or is the lip in addition to the size listed ?
can this machine handle carbon copies of checks ? can you buy black ink ?
does it come with a toner cartridge ? thinking of getting a new printer and this one looks decent . wondering if i need to buy a toner cartridge right off or does it come with one ? we do n't print enough to keep our inkjet from drying out , so even a small sample cartridge would probably last us a while . does it come with a toner cartridge ? thinking of getting a new printer and this one looks decent . wondering if i need to buy a toner cartridge right off or does it come with one ? we do n't print ... » read more does it come with a toner cartridge ? thinking of getting a new printer and this one looks decent . wondering if i need to buy a toner cartridge right off or does it come with one ? we do n't print enough to keep our inkjet from drying out , so even a small sample cartridge would probably last us a while . « show less
in the past , when we had sauder furniture , we lived with a horrible smell from the glue . does this item have this issue ?
what is the height of the foot rest ?
i have a mfc-j410w . i just bought the ink cartridges . when i try to print , the pages are blank as if there is no ink.. please help !
do the erasers work well ?
can i use them for hp photosmart c4500 all-in-one series ?
i´m looking for a printer that can handle 10x17 '' , can this one ?
where can i get a roller cleaning tool and sensor cleaning swabs for this scanner ?
is this cabinet made of metal ?
what is the depth of the file cabinet ?
does it require assebly ? if so , how much ?
are the file drawers full extension drawers ?
how tall is it including wheels ?
is this official kodak brand ? it should have yellow on the label , should n't it ?
on the bottom it says `` not for adult use '' ; why do you suppose they say that ? is it perhaps dangerous to stand on ?
will this item hold 12 '' x 12 '' papers ?
does this have a voicemail message indicator light on handsets and do the handsets have a headset jack ?
does it work with sprint connect 2 ?
does this printer come with the cartridges ? also is it compatible with a mac osx ?
of what is pillow stuffing made ? does it mould to different heights ?
how deep are the drawers ?
is this completely flat or is it curved at the top ?
does it come with a cover , or case ?
can you store your favorite verses ?
is there a replacement blade for the lead pointer blade ?
the power source : is it only battery ? can it tbe connected to a mac via usb ? does it have a power cord and if so is it 120-240 volts ?
is it made of steel or aluminum ?
how do i save the scanned photo on my apple macbook pro ? photo scanner save enter hourglass appears but ca n't find the photos in a file ?
what phones can you use i.e reg.corded , cordless etc ?
i still would like to know how much weight it can support .
where is hp 's estimated page count ? every other manufacturer lists the approximate number of pages that can be printed with an average 5 % coverage . what is hp not telling you ? that you pay more for toner with lower yield than others . where is hp 's estimated page count ? every other manufacturer lists the approximate number of pages that can be printed with an average 5 % coverage . what is hp not telling you ? that you pay ... » read more where is hp 's estimated page count ? every other manufacturer lists the approximate number of pages that can be printed with an average 5 % coverage . what is hp not telling you ? that you pay more for toner with lower yield than others . « show less
sometimes we have to park a distance from the job site and carry the tools . i want something we can put tools in , will this do ?
i 'm a little confused . it is a 25 record mailers made to hold one record , or is it a mailer that holds up to 25 records ?
does it work with cordless hand set ? where would you connect this device to the handset ?
are you able to transfer calls between agents ?
is it hardcover or softcover ?
what is the warranty on this phone ?
i purchased another grace planner ( teal color with fish ) for 2015. there are not notes pages between each weekly page . does this branches birds version still notes between each week in 2015 ?
how many cartridge are in package ?
how do i pair desktop phone to my cell phone ?
are the shelves really 33 '' in length ? my shelves were barely 26 '' in length . is the description wrong or did i get a wrong product from amazon ?
if the employee clocks in at 3:07pm , will it show 3:07pm or will it round up or down to 3:00pm or 4:00pm ?
c4600
lazer jet ?
mac ? will this work with my macbook pro ?
does it scan pictures
can you mount these to a wall ?
help ! i wont to print a  also is this clear or white ? « show less
what do you get with this product ?
any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to know how true this is any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to ... » read more any idea on how many pages one can print before the need to replace ? i understand that there are many factors - but want to get a general idea - somewhere i saw references to ~300 pages . wanted to know how true this is « show less
is it wireless ?
is the paper loaded in a tray or from the back ?
is there room for a mouse on the desktop ?
i ordered this but received the star tsp100 instead . are they the same ?
does this product require paper rolls ?
which labels go with garvey 22-6 pricing gun ? adhesive back .
does this device work with pulse dialing phones ?
how do the drawers open without handles ?
can an adult man use this desk ?
what is the voltage for this machine ? can it be used with 240v ?
can you set where the folds need to be or is there only one setting ? do they tri-fold for # 10 window envelopes ?
does this machine punch the holes in the paper as well as bind ?
where is this printer manufactured ?
will this printer run on a 64 bit windows7 os ?
does this have single letter tabs ?
will this work with the epson artisan 1430 wireless color wide-formant inkjet printer
when do you use canon gray ink ?
are these tanks full or partial value tanks ?
will this cartridge work with my 1x6500 printer
is this compatible with the canon mg 5500 canon printer ?
is the drawer fully extendable ?
could this handle legal-14 '' x8.5 '' ?
does the seat tilt function allow for tilt both forward and back , just forward , or just back ? once tilted , can the tilt be locked into place ?
is this useful for cutting tissue paper ?
what info shows on the screen ?
what is the maximum thickness paper i can cut ?
can this product be used in a hp officejet 6700 premium printer copier ?
does this map have white margins ? what is their width ? what is the map size without the margins ?
is the board solid black or does it have polka dots on it .
what is the page size for the add 1109 refill ?
will this phone work on a mac computers ?
how long does it take to scan a photo or series of photos on the flatbed ?
headset jack ?
can this unit hold a 30 inch hd monitor ?
can you tell me if this can be used to attach the foam wall pad on an above ground pool ?
anyone have the link to the template ?
is this from battery1inc ?
i 'm 6'5 '' tall . can the monitor be raised to my eye level ?
can this mfc be used with a mac & a pc ?
i have the brother hl2240d and i have noticed a small amount of fading in places - does this mean that i need a new drum ?
retail packaging
i have bought a new brother printer ( hl-2280 dw ) a month ago , i have not even printed 200 pages , i get a `` toner low '' message , why is this so ?
we do not have wireless internet . can i connect the hp 1400 with a cable to my computer ?
can you purchase and replace the print head on this model canon pixma mg8120 . purchased in 2011
is there a trick to not running out of ink every time we use it ?
i need to buy replacement barbs for this tagger but cant seem to find them . has anyone else bought them ... if so , where ?
does it have a speaker ?
what type of battery does it use ?
is this board designed for daily use as in a classroom setting ?
is this an old fashioned black board or is the black board have a gloss to it ?
how many pages will you get ?
will it support a 23 pound printer ?
does it come with ink ? i really would like to know : does it come with ink ?
do you have to be on the same network to access time cards or can it be accessed through any computer internet by just using the ip address ?
does anyone know how many pages per cartridge ?
how do you turn on the fan ?
will it hold securely on a concrete floor , like in a garage side door . or will it just slip when pushed ?
is this scanner able to be configured to automatically add < enter > after scanning a barcode ?
does this damage the paper being written on ? i.e . if the item is worth anything more than the pen itself would this hurt the value of the item ?
221 vs 250 cartridge
where can i get the manual for the cannon mf4570dn
is this product the sterilite 1729 supply box ?
can you use regular first-class postage to mail this ? or does it require extra postage ?
is there a warranty on this product ? can you buy an additional warranty ?
what are the dimensions of the actual keyboard tray ? -- the part where you have your keyboard and mouse .
apple
i just recieved this unit and replaced the drum and my prints are still coming with a blirr in the middle of the page ? what else could this be ?
my employees sometimes work remotely from home . does this system allow them to vpn or clock in remotely ?
dimensions ?
does this work with a micro usb port ?
what size is the stamp ? what dimensions ?
will the resetter work for epson workforce 615 cartridges ?
hi everyone . can you all give us an update on how long this critter is good for ?
is the kodak black ink cartridge # 30 able to be used on the esp 3250 printer ?
does this work on cross dubai ?
what are the base dimensions of this stand ?
is this product comes with software drivers or not ? if not how much is the cost of software driver ?
can it copy
can it handle a4 and legal size paper ? thx
i lost my protective sleeve , where can i get a new one ?
can this clamp down to an uneven desk underside ? say if a desk has a decorative bevel , can it clamp securely ?
does it have that wasted blank tape in front of every print ?
is this ok to use with a mac
will this machine scan to emai ?
follow-up question : why is it necessary to replace the drum and not just the toners ?
is this a good device for someone who speaks fluent mandarin and no english in order to communicate back and forth with english only speaking persons ?
what are the 2 black things sticking out from the side in the picture ? do they have to show ?
does it have a headset jack ?
does the high back offer head support ? if not , is the back tall enough to put a head pillow behind it ?
can you print only with rolls of paper and what is the smallest width paper that can be used with this model ?
is it made of wood ?
i just ordered this name plate about an hour ago and i wondered how long it would be before you e-mailed me for the customizationed . also i was wanting to give it for a birthday present on oct 1 and i wondered how long it would take for me to receive it .
does it hold legal or standard size folders ?
does it have speeker
what is the vertical height that the x-stand lifts a laptop ( between ground and bottom of laptop ) , at both the back and the front ?
can i request the numbers in my packs ?
where manufactured ?
how does the face recognition work ? do you just walk in front of the time clock and it senses that you are there or do you need to press buttons ?
does it come with cd to program computer ?
does this printer come with toner ?
if purchased , is the warranty and service covered in canada ?
what are the measurements of this machine ?
can you give me the height from floor to top of arm rests ( to slide under conf . table ) ?
will it hold someone that weighs just under 300 lbs ?
if i use these pens for security to mark my valuables , ( for example cell phones etc.. ) , does it void the trade-in or resale after contract is up ?
are each set of keys exclusively for the lock it is attached to or does it open any all locks in the set ?
what size computer case does the little shelf fit ?
what are the dimensions of the pad on this refill ?
does it comes with any keys to manually open the register ?
i ordered these for my hp envy 5530 as well and they are not recognized . if they are compatible , is there something i need to do to the printer ?
how many gallons is it ?
how to distinguish the tinct to refuel in ink box
the important thing is full extension drawers ! are they full extension or not ?
is this legal or letter size ?
is the yield 2000 per cartridge or 2000 for both cartridges combined ?
what is the size of the lip ?
how wide is the lip
are the wrist rests removable ?
is the 3 ring binder removeable ?
what kind of door is on the top file holding the books ?
is the back side of the stand finished ? can i turn it around if i want the compartments to be on the left ?
are the pastel colors opaque enough to show up on dark fabric ?
how many pages a battery can scan
my work keyboard is flat on the desk . its much too low . i need the keyboard to elevate at the very least 4 inches higher , can this adjust 4 in up ?
is it easy to get the pencil in and out ?
is it completely cordless
what replacement wheels would you suggest ?
i know this can print 11x17 , but can it also scan an 11x17 document ?
how do i get it to print correctly ?
is this compatible with windows 7 professional 64 bit ?
how do i break down the vacuum seals of the lc-61 cartridges ?
i am planning on purchasing an epson expression premium xp-810 , will this cis work with this printer ?
how many chairs can be stacked together ?
is this a digital or analog system ?
is this toner works fine on canon imageclass lbp6000 ?
will this do that ? or is the data erased after printing ?
does it have an electic cord or just battery power ?
will this take heavy paper ?
can you wash it ?
does this binder has inside pockets for unpunched paper ?
how well does this stay up ? does it have velcro or other way to fasten open ?
does it lock into place or does it only `` rock '' ? want something stable .
can this board be easily mounted to cubicle walls ? if so , what hardware is required to mount ?
what is the gallon size of the paper shred storage ?
how does it work ? do i need to connect it to a computer ?
how good is this thing ? does it take sd cards ? does it work with windows 7 ?
how big is the strip ?
insurance card
is this printer suitable for printing magazine proofs ?
do 2 xl cartridges have more print capacity than 1 xxl ( super high yield ) ?
does it have phonemic transcription ?
from where can i download the scan pc software ?
will this ink work in my mfcj835 printer ?
is this an ink jet printer ?
is the caller id display backlit ? can it be read in the dark ?
loud and clear enough ? satisfied with purchase ? if not , is there one you can recommend ?
will this paper fit in a smaller 3-ring binder ?
wall mountable
will the bracket hold a 30 lb sign ?
my printer wo n't recognize the cartridge -- it says `` install black cartridge ' even though i 've installed this one . any help ?
are the pens all the same size ? or is it a range of sizes ?
is this good for a 15.6 inch laptop ?
i have two black cartridges , one thick and one thin . is this the thin one ?
is it true that this mousepad start fading or changing textures after few weeks , i would love to buy it but durability is important
what is the height of the cabinet with and without the wheels on it ?
how does this attach ?
using for architectural plans . can you see thru this paper , if it 's on a lighted plan table ?
do the tips break easily ? and is the graphite centered in the shaft of the pencil ?
where do i get the mounting kit
is the 7 hours talk time for the cordless handset or the headset or both ?
is this printer compatible with macs ( 2014 model , running yosemite ) ? and does it have wireless capability , please ?
d the protectors have binder holes on one side , if yes how many ?
has anybody had problems with message playback volume being very low even when arrows have been used to increase volume during playback ?
will this cord fit hp 5530
can you find sin , cos , and tan ?
will it work with skype ?
220 volts does anyone knows if this phone has 220volts or only 110v ? i plan to use it abroad us where we have 220 volts .
is this hearing aid cimpatible
measurement ?
is the adhesive on the flap or on the body of the bag ?
is it at all possible for wall mounting ? i do not think so but want to check with someone who knows for sure .
does the phone come with the base as shown . if not how do i get one that does .
whether it is possible that charging was on 220 volts
good , this telephone works without electrical energy , that is to say if the light goes away and the telephones have battery work ?
do the numbers stay lit up long ?
can i just buy this phone and use it as my primary and only land line phone in the house ?
this is a pencil where you have to click the back for the lead to come out ?
dimensions in inches ?
are the toner cartridges that come with the printer able to be refilled and used long term or do i have to buy an initial set of cartridges ?
what is the ink color ?
we have uverse . will it work on that system ?
is the phone hard wired from the unit to the jack ?
how many pagers comes with it ?
can this printer print checks ?
i 'm using topps 1975 tall boy trading cards that are 3x5 . are your dimensions accurate ?
can you adjust the height of either of the shelves ? can you adjust the degree of slant on the podium ?
hi ! is there a particular size of easel paper that works best with this product ?
1.are extra keys available ? 2 . any suggestions for storing photos in this safe ?
i am having trouble deciding if it is best to get the vented or fan table . any advice ?
how long is the cord ?
does it flip all the way around for easy writing on your lap ?
what are the four colors ? only 3 show .
does this work with the iphone 6 ?
what sizes are the ink cartridges ?
does this phone work when the power is out ?
is the printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
can this expansion handset be used at the same time another expansion handset is being used when only 5-10 feet from each other ?
are the notebooks college-ruled ?
how tall is the overall setup ? what is the maximum height i can move the monitor to ?
it works with l402c system ?
does this phone work with the pulse system ?
is this printer windows 8 compatible
is this printer compatible with windows 8 ?
i can easily plug printer into my router- will i then be able to print from my wireless connected laptop ?
will these fit the pilot mr pencil ?
how much does the stool weigh ?
how fast is 1st copy ?
what are the sleep and deep sleep options ? have any of the current users had issues waking the printer up remotely to start a print ?
will this printer handle multiple envelopes ?
is this deal worth it or will it just be a pain ?
what is the exact weight of one sheet of paper ?
what are the demensions of basket . the product description indicates 17 by 16. is that true or is it smaller ?
is there a mac printer driver for this ?
does it have auto turn off feature ?
how do you scan 4x6 photos without them coming out all goofy looking . is there a trick to using it over smaller items ?
what is the cost for one ream of 500 pages ?
can you scan , let 's say a receipt , and save it for later storage onto your computer once you 're at home , or office ?
what is the ac voltage 120v or 220v ?
what maintenance is needed
does this come with a spring , faceplate , and reset gear ?
kokuyo harinacs japanese stapleless stapler black ( office product ) question - when you staple paper with this stapleless stapler , is there is a hole left on the paper ? i am looking for one that does not leave a hole but will kinda crimp or emboss the paper sort of . kokuyo harinacs japanese stapleless stapler black ( office product ) question - when you staple paper with this stapleless stapler , is there is a hole left on the paper ? i am looking for one that ... » read more kokuyo harinacs japanese stapleless stapler black ( office product ) question - when you staple paper with this stapleless stapler , is there is a hole left on the paper ? i am looking for one that does not leave a hole but will kinda crimp or emboss the paper sort of . « show less
do these pencils come sharpened ?
do the hand sets have speaker phone option ?
is this an actual signacade brand product ?
do the clips have teeth or are they smooth ?
hi . does it work with a battery or plugued ?
how many cards does it hold at once ?
could a seven year old use this comfortably ?
could it be used to scan drivers licsences and the like ?
is this product mac compatible ?
is the oki data b431dn printer wireless ?
does it have an ethernet socket -- that is , can you plug it into your lan as well as connecting via wireless ?
will it work with a windows 7 home premium 64 bit system ?
can you shut off all 4 ringers ?
which are the cutting dies provided ? in inches please ,
how easy would it be to add a wireless headset to this ?
what is the page yield for this cartridge
where can i find an additional hand set to work with this phone ?
were you able to wield the hammer ? did it ever fail ?
can you record your own caller id ? for example , a ringtone that says `` mom is calling '' ?
will this work with hp desk jet all in one wireless 2540 printer ?
does it work for photosmart c4780 ?
how far does the chair tilt back if you loosen the back ?
does this come with the warranty and does the power supply adapter that comes with it work with the ultraship u2 scale ?
how much ink is used ?
can i just pick up the handle and talk ? or need to press a button first ?
does it need oil ?
how tall are the cups ? i need something for my professional markers.they are bigger around than sharpies . max crayons markers they hold ?
did anyone have trouble with the mouse function not working correctly ?
are the cards double sided ? are the lines printed on the back ?
what is the range on the phones ? how far can the handsets be from the base ?
those are rechargeable ?
does this pen work with standard international converters ?
is it possible to remove this from the frame and use it without the frame ? how big is the chalkboard without the frame ?
what is the best coin wrppers to use with the cassida 200 coin counter wrapper
what are size of barbs ? 2 '' or what ?
does the screen tilt ?
it says black then dark brown in another spot what color is it
how many pages will this one do ?
i have my own ink but i dont know how to use it with this pen . please tell me how to fill it with ink ?
can the screen be read without the back light on ?
what color is the padding underneath ?
does it require calibration prior to use ? if so , how did you calibrate it ?
good afternoon a question this printer requires original cartridges for initial configuration of the device ?
will the cards fit in a normal size wallet sleeve once in the protecttors ?
do the lights point down to the floor ?
is it the right size if you intend to store vinyl records in it ?
does anyone know the voltage ? is it bivolt ? 120 240 ?
can i use it for tn360 cartridge ?
does this work with the mf4770n for sure ? 100 % does anyone use it with that model ?
can you print anything on the stub portion of the ticket ?
is the journal refillable ?
does the pen have pen pin to put in a shirt pocket ?
will this toner work correctly in canon image class mf 4270
i have a taxi business , can i power this from the cigarette lighter ? is there an adapter for that ?
how is this mounted ?
how thick is the cork ? do things stick in and stay in place easily ?
is this a 2014 calendar ? it doesnt say .
where made please ? many
if i leave these on the shell for three months , will they still be any good ?
what kind of labels does this machine take ?
has anyone had experiences travelling with this tube as a carryon when it was fully extended ( 48 inches ) ?
will it take the paint off of furniture ''
i have a hp envy 5535 will they work ?
does this resetter have a built in battery , or is a cable required ?
can it print from a kindle fire ?
is it wall mountable
will the bag fit a galaxy note 2 ( with a silicone bumbler case ?
can not get this to accept an ip address , either dhcp or static ? unable to get help from panasonic . how do you reset it ?
is it poe integrated ?
if performing a ceremony will this journal stay open if held in one hand ?
is it self sharpening ?
what nib idoes it have : fine , mediume ?
will this work with the least version of mac os ?
does the pen come with a card inside the box for engraving at the montblanc store ?
will this scale for weigh puppies down to 1 oz or 2 oz accurately . the platform is large enough , but how well are `` light '' item weighed ?
what are the dimensions ?
what is the expiration date of this cartridge ?
does this fit the hp 8630 ?
is this ink compatible with my hp officejet pro 8600 ?
can i use this in the ojpro8100 ?
product says starter cartridge toner refill kit , does it come with reset gear assembly ?
does the phone annouces the names clearly - you can understand what is being said ?
i am looking for some white plastic sheets letter size is okay that i can cut stars out of it . it has to be solid white . will this work ?
can i have it with my company information on it like it has the cbs logo ?
does this sharpener have double helical blades ?
how does this work ? what are the 2 black things ?
is the speed dial feature just a one touch or do you have to hit a memory button first ?
can you quickly switch back forth from speakerphone to the headset ( plugged into the 2.5mm jack ) ?
it does n't look as if there 's a holder for the chalk . is there a place to put the chalk ?
size is perfect , but need to modify inside to hang clothing . is it possible without weakening its structure with middle divider removed ?
how quick does it save files , and how long does it take before you can scan another page ?
i 'm only really interested in the arm rest part , is it possible to use this without the mousing platform ?
how long does it take to warm up ?
is this item new ? is there a warranty ? if warranty work is needed -- will it come from dell ?
what is the height dimension for the upper part of the cabinet ( above the trashcan ) ?
is this right ?
are these hi yeild cartridges ?
i want to record the audio portion of a presentation to a laptop computer . will this system work in that application ?
what is the model number of a compatible extra handset with charging cradle ?
is the headset 2.5mm jack on both the corded base and cordless phone ?
hello is this laminator suitable for 220 w and what its power ?
can these be printed on a regular inkjet printer ?
are these pvc cards double sided for printing on both sides ?
will this plug into my iphone 5 or ipad
what size is the calendar
can it feed from the back ?
does the unit also scan a4 docs and colour prints ?
i want to use for amazon fba on a zebra lp2844 , but in the shipping queue i can only print out labels on full pages . how do you format for lp2844 ?
do these write on black vinyl as for labels ?
i want to make name labels for a non-magnetic whiteboard calendar . could i print multiple name labels , cut them up , and have people re-use them ?
the printer is working okay for b & w. i have n't tried it for color . when i scan art work from a graphics art program , it has a blue tint ?
is this handset compatable with the gigaset s675 ip ?
is it compatable with windows 8 ?
does this scanner work on windows 7 ?
will this work with an ipad and paypal swiper ?
what are the dimensions of each pocket
what color are the cards
how is the military clutch back attached ? are the pins welded on or is the pin part just stuck on ?
where is the paper loaded and how many sheets does it hold
work on mac ?
i have a label making program that does n't have this avery no . in it 's file ( old program , but works great ) could you tell what size the stickers are ?
another removal question - has anyone tried removing from plastic beer bottles ? would like to resuse the beer bottles if possible . thx !
what color is the blotter itself ? is it gray or black or brown ?
does it scan double sided simultaneously ?
how does the 845 handle envelope printing ? one at a time or can you feed a small stack of envelopes ? do they come out wrinkled ?
how do i set up the wifi ?
i have an old television with the big back that i want to place on this to be used during meetings . will this stand handle the weight
how can i print out photos on this printer using glossy photo paper ?
is the ac power supply included ?
when i use a 3 4 '' tape , the font size is exactly the same as using a 1 2 '' tape . how can i change that ?
photo scanning ?
i do not have a wireless card in my computer therefore no wireless capability . can you use this printer with a cable connection to your computer ?
can this scan qr barcodes ?
my color ink cartridge ran out of ink , but my black ink is still full . how can i get the printer to just print in black .
is this printer compatible with a mac ?
where can i get a power cord for this machine
is this printer hard to set up using the wireless setup
can you refill the ink cartridges yourself ?
anyone printed direct to cd dvd ? i have had b & w brother laser printers for years -- back to dos days ! i still use my 1240 & 1440. very inexpensive cartridges.has anyone used this printer to print direct onto cd dvds ? i now make labels with my hp inkjet , but would love to print directly onto the discs . do n't want to pay a fortune for ink.any experience advice appreciated . anyone printed direct to cd dvd ? i have had b & w brother laser printers for years -- back to dos days ! i still use my 1240 & 1440. very inexpensive cartridges.has anyone used ... » read more anyone printed direct to cd dvd ? i have had b & w brother laser printers for years -- back to dos days ! i still use my 1240 & 1440. very inexpensive cartridges.has anyone used this printer to print direct onto cd dvds ? i now make labels with my hp inkjet , but would love to print directly onto the discs . do n't want to pay a fortune for ink.any experience advice appreciated . « show less
do the wheels come out if the unit is carried ? for example up a flight of stairs ?
when and how do the routing numbers get printed
how to connect it to skype ?
how do i refill this pen with ink cartridges ?
this thing sucks -- ca n't get the cartridges to fit into the pen - useless any help ?
is this tape linen fabric , or plastic tape ?
will this work in a lexmark pro915 printer ?
what are the dimensions ?
how to copy 11x17
what is the color combo ?
is this the pc or mac version ?
how big is it ?
how many ink cartridges will this make ?
how long is the pen
can this be used with windows 8 as a wireless printer ? scanner ?
how big is it , why nobody talk about cd268 's size .
does this give the printer error message like many other generic cartridges ?
hp envy e all-in-one printer recommended ink cartridge regular vs xl ?
card stock compatable
what is the size of the flatbed glass plate ?
my printer recently stopped scanning to email . how can i reset it to scan to email again ?
how far up will the seat go ?
takes effort to remove cap off mine . sometimes i need one hand and two fingers of the other to remove the cap . anyone else have the same problem ?
has anyone tried scanning insurance cards or drivers licenses on this scanner ?
does it come with ocr software ?
will it fit a lexmark pro 715
how far far from the base can you be & still use phone ? do you need a phone jack for the second phone ?
if you connect to a tv what size picture do you get on the tv screen ?
how hard is it to do buisness receipts to keep track of for end of year taxes . wolverine scanner
mine smells terrible is there a way to get rid of the strong odor ?
can this document feed wirelesssly ?
does this include all nine cartridges ?
can i print from ios ?
i want to purchase a wireless printer for copies i can make from ipad iphone and laptop . is this the right one ?
hello ! can this scanner read 2d barcodes ?
does this printer support windows 8 ?
how do you clean it ? any oil to buy ?
anyone know if this printer will take 17 x 11 paper ?
is this compadable with mac ios ?
so , are there 1000 , 8.5 '' x 11 '' sheets with 2 labels on each ?
is set up difficult
does this come with the ink cartridges , since it is being sold as used ?
does a usb cable come in the box ?
what size of adhesive labels do i need to purchase ?
how much weight can it hold ?
does it have a chalk holder on the board ?
adjustable height ?
is this cartridge the same as the 200xl
can this be used with apple computers ?
is this a wireless printer ?
what is the page count on the printer ? does printer come with toner included ?
does the printer come with all the cables to set-up properly and a test toner cartridge ?
my canon uses the 240xl just fine , will the 240xxl fit my printer too ? canon pixma mg3200
would this work on the mg3122 series ?
i own a pro 900 series printer . has anyone else who owns one had any issues with this product ?
do the phones have a headset jack , and if so , what type of connection and does it work well ?
is photo printed on a4 size page acceptable in quality ?
will cannon cl240xl fit the pixma mg3222 printer ? is is same actual size as cl240 or is it a larger size cartridge ?
is this time clock suitable for 100+ employees
how do you replace the ink and where to purchase ?
does it have a headset jack ?
does this calculator have 10 key functionality ?
could i use this machine to count venezuelan currency ?
i was able to print few pages , and then it wo n't print out any color . i did deep clean head many times but it still does n't work . please help .
would this work well to create a sit to stand environment ? would it be relatively easy to adjust the arms up down the pole multiple times daily ?
how many ringtones does it have ?
what else i´ll need for my own voip home system ?
does this take the place of the multipurpose # 1 tray ; or just sit above the tray and it is still usable like previous models hp printer models ?
can it print and cut out stickers ?
my printer wo n't recognize 3 of the cartridges . any suggestions ?
does this printer print on transparencies ?
what are the sizes of the drawers ?
does this product scan to a pdf ? does it scan from the automatic document feeder . i can not find this info anywhere ?
are the days of the week written on the left side and spaces to write the 6 subjects across the top ?
what 's the depth size of this file box ?
compatible with hl2240 ? not hl2240d
does this unit come with a power supply ?
can i hand write on these forms ?
product info tech details lists board at 3 x 4 feet , top level description is 60 '' x 36 '' . which is it ?
why would i need two sets ?
i think i see how the plastic taggers go in , etc . but how do you load the actual tags ?
does this cash register need to use a computer to work , or the computer is just to program the machine ?
can you set a bill denomination ? i.e i have a 10 $ 5 bills . can i input that its a $ 5 bill and after counting will it show the total as 50 or 10 ?
when you reset the toner cartridges to get the last of the ink out of them , will the machine again tell you when it is finally all out of toner ?
the scanner is leaving streaks across the page when scanning ... printing documents works fine ... anyone have this problem and have a solution ?
i also have the epson stylus c88+ why is my black in printing out brown and blue is kind of pinkish sometimes when i put the transfer on mugs ?
looking for a classy pen with sharpie 's same fine point quality . can you recommend some brands ?
will these work with microsoft money software ?
what is the actual size of these ?
do these have rounded corners ? kathy
what is the size of the stamped area ?
what are the dimensions ? ( especially height )
does this include the drum , toner and auto feeder ?
does this paper have a sticky back like the 2x3 paper ?
please will someone tell me , what nib size does this pen come in ?
i too have never heard of these , & like one reviewer i love writing instruments . is the long point sharpener a must ?
do you think that would work ?
anyone know of a translator that i can type in a sentence in english , and have it display a spanish translation of my sentence ?
do they or do n't they have protective caps ?
will it be possible to remove the fan if we choose to ?
are they compatible with parker ballpoint pen , refillable , medium point ( par1333211 ) ?
what is the width of the cut strips ?
do you need to reset the chip or any program to make work ?
if i placed the cross-bar in the middle , would i be able to have two sets of letter-sized hanging file folders..side by side ?
we got this item . it drops numbers . so , 12345 might scan as 1235 . 10 scans in a row ( of the same barcode ) might yield one complete scan . ideas ?
is there a confirmation tone when the bar code is read ?
are the cartridges easy to put in in the 8100 printer ?
why does it say it wo n't work with hpofficejet6100
what is included with this printer ? is the black and color cartridges included ? what cables are included ? does this include a user guide ?
i want a reliable machine ... which is better the fi-6130z or the fi-7160 ?
is this also a printer ? print a page from the computer ?
has anyone had success printing wirelessy from a ipad ?
how do i get the printing on the reciepts smaller tried everything changed the fonts it seems set !
can this be printed on both sides ? would the image show through to the other side ?
i dont have my directions . is there a resource that i can go to or view to attain the set up instructions for the remote control clicker .
can i use this tray instead of the tray that comes with the printer ?
how heavy is the board ?
do i need an internet connection voor a wifi p rinter ?
will it fit in the zebra 450ctp printer ?
are these phones compatible with comcast sevice
i have an hp photosmart c309a which takes 564 and 564xl . does anybody know if this will work for my printer ?
can you tilt the back to any angle or are there just a few specific stops preset ?
how to change sleep mode ?
does13 3 4 '' l means the front size or side size ?
are there adjustable shelves inside the cabinet ?
how much does it weight ?
is this catridge black ink only >
what vesa plate does the arm come with ?
size ?
does this come with toner cartridges ?
does it handle envelopes well ?
does it have a wired network interface ?
how well does it print on 100lb card stock or cover stock ?
is there a manufacturer 's warranty ?
how fast is it with wireless scanning ?
will the document glass hold legal paper ? 8.5 x 14
is it number 2 ? or more broadly , will it work on standardized tests ?
is the back of this desk make of wood or cardboard ?
does it have hardwired ethernet connectivity as well as wireless ?
does this include for suggestions for researching ancestors ? o
what is the paper to be inserted need ?
if i do n't use the eye-fi card , just use a regular sd card to scan and view it on my computer ?
will it transfer 8mm film too .
i have a lot of mounted slides with frames about .6 in thick - a bit thicker than kochachrome .4 in paper frames . would these trays work ?
what are the dimensions of the telephone ?
does it hold ink or cartridges ? can i buy those from you ?
can documents be scanned and then sent via email with using only ipad or is a computer necessary ? is it at all possible to scan and send ?
can it be wired
is it compatible with windows xp
is this printer capable of duplex scanning copying from the automatic document feeder ?
how tall does this thing get . different chairs have different heights . how high up does the actual seat get ?
correctable tape also ?
can the base be wall mounted ?
does the intercom feature work from all phones or just the main one ?
is there a way to transfer calls between these phones or put the call on hold and page another handset to tell them there is a call on hold ?
how well does hands free speaker work
please confirm a
how well does it scan photos and art ?
will this product work with windows 8. i have purchased 3 scanners so far and had to send them back because of incapability
is the color black & pink or black & red ?
does the ink bleed through the papaer ?
how accurate is this scale in the 1-13 ounce range
are the sizes listed for diameter or radius ?
is it bpa free ?
i use a laptop , currently a thinkpad , so no external monitor . is this a good choice .
so am i correct in assuming that you must have a work table or work station or desk to attach this apparatus onto ?
i only have 16 inches of space . is the first dimension given the width ?
when ordering name plates , is the holder included or seperate ?
can these be used for beds ?
does this product work with a mac ?
i need to know the exact measurement of the two small upper shelves on each side ?
we are making wedding invitations and they are double-sided with color . will this paper work so we can print them from our home printer ?
can i put a plastic bag in the bin to catch the shreds ?
what size usb connector is needed at the printer end ?
will this replace the pr4
are the buttons soft or hard . rubber or plastic or glass ?
caller id display ?
does this handset need a phone jack to plug into or can it just bounce off the crl32102 ?
does this phone works with at & t service only or it works as any other regular cordless phone like panasonic or motorola etc ?
does this at & t crl32202 have call recording capability ?
what are the `` 2 non-standard batteries required '' ? will phone work in a power failure ?
what is the actual size ?
will this stand work with a 23.6 '' monitor like asus vn247h-p 23.6 '' full hd 1920x1080 1ms hdmi vga back-lit led monitor
how many keys does it come with ?
type of ink used ?
does the cart roll easily when being pushed rather than pulled ? also , i walk a mile to the grocery store ... will the wheels hold up ?
how do other people call your obi device ? it says a lot about how you can connect to others but not how other people can connect with you .
will this printer work with a laptop via usb port ?
does the printer needed to be connected to the computer via usb in order to scan ? or can it scan to any computer on the network ?
page yield ?
can this be used outdoors ?
i want to use it to help me move around my kitchen . does it roll easy on ceramic tile ?
i just received the new retina imac 27 `` with vesa mount , total weight about 21 pounds , so think this stand would be very compatible ?
is it plug and play ?
does it come with the software included ( a la smart notebook or a similar program ) ?
are these badges reusable ? can you easily change out one name with another name ?
what is its size ?
do i need to buy a usb cord for this printer ?
just received . is there a tutorial to put them together ?
difference from casio fx 300es plus and fx 300 ex ? thx
how tall is the seat from the floor ? i have a rather tall desk ( 30 '' ) - want to be able to rest arms comfortably while seated for typing . thx
do the refill toner cartridges have a chip that require an oem cartridge to work properly ? or will any `` compatible '' cartridge work ?
i like the quality but not the life-span . i 've bought 2 in the past yr since after after 5 8 months they start to fail . suggestions ? any warranties ?
is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply ?
are there any receipt printers this unit is not compatible with ? one of the feed back posts mention not being compatible w their epson printer ?
would this work for the dcp-7065dn model ?
will this fit a wf-4640 ?
is it wall mountable
how thick is the pen ? i own a lamy fountain pen , i 'm curious how wide the circumference is for this pen without the cap .
how can i stop ink from leaking from the sides of the nib ?
can anyone tell me how wide the legs are ( from front caster to back caster ) ?
how easily do these bend ?
two questions , does this unit have a headphone jack , will it work with a d1780 ?
can you use more than one extension at a time , or do you have to transfer the call between units ?
when the scanner is in the base does it automatically scan without having to press the trigger ?
is it wall mountable ?
is the ms2015 the same as the at & t 1070
one more question before i hit the ad to cart button.i am hearing impaired.is the ringer loud ?
does this phone have a voice mail feature ?
will this wor
does this phone have a connector for headsets ? if so , what type
does this phone pair with my bluetooth headset at the same time my cell phone is paired on it ?
i cant get this phone to register to the d3098 base station . i have charged the battery to completion , reset the pram . so frustrated ! any tips .
can i use skype on this ?
can you turn the speaking from the device off ?
can these be used in the post it pens as refills ?
does this work with hp 400 model 425dn ?
does it come with everything needed to mount it to a window ?
my printer is out of all 3 colors . can you still use the printer with only a black ink carteridege ?
-what is the thickness of this material ?
is this 110-240v ?
can you cable this printer to computer or must you use wi-fi wireless ?
does this have elastic locking-meaning a spring feel when sitting down in the chair ?
will this accommodate a 24 '' monitor in portrait mode ?
is the ink included ?
is the stem length 7 8 '' ?
is it dual voltage 110 240 ?
can i use the snap-14 on 240v ac mains supply ?
will this work with a digital line ?
can this scan multiple pages into one document or multiple pages into individual documents ?
how are these tabs packaged ? do these tabs come affixed to a sheet of paper or does each tab have a piece of paper which needs to be peeled off ?
my brother printer says to use tn-750 , but i do n't see my model , which is a hl-5440d . is this just a newer model .
what is the mil thickness of the 20 included pouches ?
i need to make teslin id cards does anyone know if this laminator will work with that ?
can you laminate a long , skinny item - like a border for a bulletin board - with this ?
do you have directions for putting these boxes together ?
will this work witha new macbook air ?
just to clarify , is this january 2013 - january 2014 ?
is it possible to use the landline and voip at the `` same time '' ? for example.. i make a call using the landline. , then hang up and call using voip ?
which keep falling apart from the stick when moving . how can i solve this problem ?
what is the diameter of the 4 vertical support poles ?
can scanned documents be edited ?
can i use this for my mfc8910dw ?
what is the height of unit with the scanner open ?
does it have alternative languages ?
is it dual voltage ( 110 - 240v ) ?
what computer will this printer work with ?
does this item have a lip that fits under the desk itself , or is it just a rectangle ?
can i print photos using a flash drive ? also , what size paper does it use ? 4x6 , 5x7 and 8x10 ?
i have slides that use the same size holder as the 35mm but the slide is almost as large as the holder . will scanner be able to scan whole slide ?
can it be fed a film strip ?
you say on amazon 's web page that the tn780 wo n't work with the mfc8950dw but brother 's web site says it will . what 's up with that ?
where do i get cartridges ?
we have both a pc using windows 8 & a mac . can we set this printer & scanner up to print or scan from both machines or must we pick one to print from ?
would you say these pockets are capable of holding a good amount of paper , just a few sheets ? or a small stack ?
can the new mac system maveriacks 10.9 work with this printer ?
what is the weight limit ?
is this now updated for the 2014 code
do the cordless handsets have a 2.5 jack for a headset ?
how to remove clear plastic covering
there is a difference in 1 '' and 1.5 '' rings . owner , please inform which it is ?
keep getting no toner left message in lbp6030w . what to do ?
what are the two adjustable heights that the tray is raised up ?
is this a ink and paper cassette ?
i 've lost the assembly instructions , where can i download a copy ?
are the small rings open jump rings ?
does it do color ?
how to remove obi100 and replace with obi202 ?
is this scanner windows 8 compatible ?
is this for top tear checks , or side tear checks ?
what is the overall size and does it have alphabet tabs ?
will these work for the canon mg5420 ?
can you feed multiple pages at once for scanning ?
i am making a 30 pages thin booklet . can i use 3 16 '' comb for this machine ?
does the unit need to be plugged into a computer or can it be plugged straight into the network hub ?
how long does starter cartridge last
does it work with mac computers ?
is this printer compatible with a mac version 10.6.8 ?
can we get a demo video to show me this exact item please ?
how thick of a pencil will it sharpen ?
are these pens the same as the chinagraph grease pen ?
is this compatible with lexmark printer : interpret s405 ?
is this item bare natural wood ?
is this ink pigment based or dye based ?
how many pages can this printer print off with the ink provided ? i have been doing some research on lasers , but stumbled across this inkjet . : )
can you tell me how good the epson tech support service is ?
can this printer enlarge and reduce images when used in the copier mode ?
is it as simple as speaking into it and it translates into target language or do you have to select a phrase stored in memory ?
are batteries included
what is the source of power ? aaa batteries ?
can you put a plastic bag in it to collect the paper and make it easier for disposal ?
is there an indicator on the shredder when it needs 20 minute cool down ? how do you know ?
does each handset have to be wired to telephone outlet ? or just the base one ?
can the phone connect to a headset ?
how do i print only using black cartridges ?
we need to get a prompt to enter our invoice numbers does anyone know how to program the unit to do so ?
should we leave this printer on all the time to save ink , or i should turn it off via it 's own power switch while keeping it plugged in ? does it matter on ink usage ?
can this print office documents ?
can this scan multiple pages into one document or multiple pages into individual documents ?
this descriotion does n't state it is for all three colors ... is it just for 3 of the yellow ? or 1 of each color ?
does this ink work in a mfcj650dw ?
are these catridges compatible with brother printer mfcj870dw ?
i have the mfcj870dw wireless color inkjet printer , will this cartridge work with my printer ?
is the original hp warranty valid ?
low energy consumption is not quantitative and has no real meaning . can you provide the power source that this sign runs on ?
does the cash register need to be hooked up to anything ?
how many alarms does it have ? can you program it to go off at two different times or is there only one alarm ?
can i scan 35 mm film in rolls ?
is this product good for a stand up work station ?
is there a swan on the top of the pen
is this printer mac os compatible ?
when using the roll feed does the machine automatically cut each sheet or do you need to do that manually ?
is this a folding clip board ?
i purchased this recently and there are only two note pages at the beginning of the planner not any during the months , is this a misprint ?
business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards ; will the card slots accommodate business cards ?
business cards are usually a bit longer than credit cards or gift cards ; will the card slots accommodate business cards ?
what are the dimensions of the seat ?
how wide is the cabinet
does this have an automatic document feeder or must you feed it page by page ?
what is the font ?
does it only do transparent or can i actually use pictures from a book on it ?
i am looking for a stand that would be good for reading the newspaper while eating dinner at our dining room table . would this work ?
work fine in ml-2165 version without wifi ?
is this item compatible with an iphone 5 ?
does this come ready to use with needle and clear barbs ?
does it come with something on the ends to make it easier to roll out ?
this is the standard cq893ab1k as detailed on the hp website ? ( 1gb ram , etc. ? )
are old formulas in the replay memory lost when the f-792sga times out ?
can this handle menu size laminating pouches sheets ?
why does it beep ?
can the casters be removed ? i want to mount the shredder in a cabinet , however , it 's too tall with the casters . please advise -
i just ordered the red , but it does n't show or say i ordered the red ? what color address book will i be receiving ?
hello there . would this work for a e710n printer ? many
are there frames with it for handing letter size files ?
does it have a mute video or screen black function ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
is this for epson xp 860
does this scanner work with mac os 10.10 yosemite ?
does the auto feed feature work with photos also ?
how do i put the cartridge in it ?
will this cartridge fit a scx-3405sw ?
does the v4ink give the same print capacity as the tn750 ?
is it 3 pack of 3 or just one pack of 3 ?
are there separate color ink cartridges ( 1 for each color ? ) . can you use generic replacement cartridges ?
any suggestion on how much weight the pegs hold ?
print labels
can this printer handle card stock ?
how much space do i need to mount this to the back of my desk ?
does this printer use the same toner cartridge as the lexmark e232 printer ?
does this come with ink ?
i bought this printer last year , i bought a magenta cartridge online that causes printer to say , `` replace unsupported magenta cartridge [ 32,36 ] '' ?
can the flash memory cards be used to convert to dvd ?
is this compatible with lexmark xp 6170 ?
my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is active ( i guess ) . my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is ... » read more my headset is suddenly stopped working . phone is working fine . but when i put the headset on , not able to hear anything . can you please suggest ? i see the blue light on the headset means that it is active ( i guess ) . « show less
is the book expandable with refills ?
are the front two extensions moveable ?
does this type of paper work for aloha pos system ?
how many sheets are there in one pack ?
does it come with all 4 color cartidges in the box ?
is it expandable to 8 lines and is it a 2 line capable ?
are the color cartridges high yield ink cartridges ?
would this work for hp 309 and hp photosmart 7525 ?
does this phone have a port for a head set ?
are these waterproof ?
do the legs lock in all positions or just the widest ?
what is the ink cartridges for this unit ?
do i have to set up wireless connection with each computer on network ?
does this support asterisknow ?
how do i personalize this
is the labels are self adhesive
how big is he scanning capacity ?
can you use rechargeables in this sharpener ?
i have a canon mf4800 . the cartridge says it 's # 128. i just wanted to double check if this 3-pack cartridge will work for this printer ?
what color is the inside of the box ?
i have installed the new toner and drum , but keep getting blank pages . any suggestions ?
is this plotter software mac compatible ?
do they fit in the hp deskjet 2540 ?
the panasonic set we now have temporarily mutes the conversation on line one when the second line rings . does this set do that ?
is the printer delivered with ink ? if so what capacity ?
when you purchase a new hp officejet pro x476dn , or x576dw are toner cartridges included ?
can you scan directly to email ?
does the top lift up so you can copy a bound book ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
how do i scan pictures
compatable with windows 7 ?
is it emv compliant ?
will this work for resetting the t6711 maintenance box on the wf-3520 ?
is it wireless can i print from my ipad
does it come with wireless capability included , or do you have to buy an additional adapter ?
does this paticular model have an automatic duplex printing feature ?
do you have to keep the door open all the time or does it remind you to open it when you want to print ?
does the software allow printing of different size pictures on one 8x10 photo-paper . ie 2 wallets , 2 3x5 , and 1 5x7 rather than 4 4x6 of same image ?
can i scan old fashioned slides ?
do the jurnal come with a fount pen ? i got one abot 2 yeas a go and it did ?
how many ml of ink are in the xl ?
how many photo sheets do you print approximately with all new cartridges ?
can this be used when lying in bed with hard cover and paperback books ?
how thick is it ?
does it read qr codes ?
can you program your company name for the header on the customer receipts ?
does it lay completely flat or do the corners curl ? also , could it be trimmed to a slightly smaller size ?
is this product oem made by hp
will this sharpen oversize triangle and hexagonal pencils ?
do these cartridges have the word `` setup '' on them ?
do these cartridges display the ink level on the hp8500a printer ?
does this come with the legs ?
do you need anything other then this scanner to scan from say your vehicle ?
are hanging hardware & chain included ?
hp cartridges have an expiration date programmed by hp so no matter how much ink is in the cartridge they will not work .
does it work with ipad air ?
how big are the receivers , will one fit in a man 's wallet without making it bulky ?
are the rings rivetted or screw on ?
will this fit a legal sized file folder and still zip ?
if i only want counts of 100 can i set it up to stop at 100 ?
does this fit my mg5400 ?
are all attachments included so that i can use this as a wi-fi right away ?
what are its dimensions ?
can i connect a cordless phone base to it and use the satellite cordless phones ?
is the charger included ?
can you change menu language , if yes - which languages available or can you update language list ?
instructions how to use tagging gun
what about the printer and the cash draw ? how do they connect ? is it wireless or cable ?
how many lines are on each page
can it scan photos
how well does this work scanning in more than one line at a time , say a 20-line paragraph ?
can you clarify ?
does this come with cord ?
is you mouse able to track properly on this mat ?
i have some records that are a little bigger than 12 '' . the box dimensions say 13x13x13 , but is that the actual usable interior space of the box ?
i see two different dimensions measurements for this box . which one is accurate ! please give me dimensions in inches . thx !
can i use it on ricoh sg 3110 dnw ?
does the needle fit on any standard syringe ? even 1 ml syringe ?
does the extra capacity of the pgi-255 xxl justify the higher cost versus the pgi-250 , ( in other words , which is the better value ) ?
does the use of the chip included in this kit require an earlier version of printer firmware ? ( printer scx-3405w )
does it have handwriting option ? for instance , if i do n't know the pinyin , can i write the character to translate ?
what is it made of ?
does this work with elavon ?
what are the sizes of the risers ? how high is it on the lowest level , how high on the higest ?
whats the dpi of a scanned image ?
is this item to use label maker brother ql- 700 ?
if the ink is `` wetted '' with a paintbrush or finger directly after writing will it smear ?
this works with a laser mouse ?
does the chips work for the b411d printers ?
do these work with the photo 5510 ?
will these work for hp 3520 ?
does it come with an initial printer ribbon ?
i want to use this to hold a single monitor . is this possible ? can it carry that weight ?
how many phones does this allow ? just 6 ?
are you forced to use a wifi connection or can you plug this in to your desktop via usb or cat5 direct ?
can you use a speaker that uses bluetooth with this projector ?
how many inches of height does the varidesk pro add when in the `` down '' position ?
my wife is hearing impaired . is the speaker loud ?
if one color runs out will the printer still print a b w print or does the whole thing shut down ?
is this compatible with an hp photosmart d7260 inkjet ?
i have lots of 110 negatives will this work on them ?
does this cartridge fit model hl 5470dw ?
is n't it removed with damped clothes ?
are the colors black and greeen-yellow like in the picture ? or am i going to get a black and blue one unlike the picture ?
how much does this , weigh . can i transport this to and from the library ?
how many days does it takes to arrive to my home address in florida ?
is it suitable for use to display fridge magnets ?
does this phone come with the wireless base pictured on the left ?
how do you put in the battery cell ?
do these phones have actual buttons to push ? or are they like digital phones ?
does this have a speaker phone capability ?
will these fit a 1960 's era cole steel typewriter ?
include the metallic guide ?
will it work with samsung phones and other android devices ?
can it be used outside ?
does it count venezuelan bills ?
what is the surface like ? will it keep my laptop from sliding ?
do the hanging file folders fit in this box ? if not what do i use for file folders ?
is power necessary to use the corded handset ?
will this work for windows 8
has anyone used this printer with card stock ? 80lb or 110lb ?
will this replace the drum ( s ) in a mfc-9340cdw ?
how easy can you access the inside of this machine for paper jams ?
is duplex ?
is this a two line phone ?
does it come with ink cartridges , any accessories ' gloss photo paper ect ... ?
will this printer make barcode labels ?
does the slp 650 work with windows 8 ?
does it have a memory dial feature ?
i bought this to laminate certificates at school ... how do i prevent them from coming out too wavy ?
how does it work
is this compatible with a laptop ? and is there any other cable that needs to go with it to work ?
is it compatible with vista ?
i will be buying from amazon- there does not appear any way to request a name to be inscribed- how does this work ?
is it a gloss finish when heated ?
what is the depth of this infopac ?
can you switch easily between standing and sitting ? or would you have to lift the monitor on off the stand steady and desk underneath each time ?
is there a refill of r 20
can i connect this to my home network with an ethernet cable ?
has anyone encountered `` login ip address is protected '' error when attempting to log into syncthru web service for this printer ?
can it send fax over voip phone service , through a broadband cable service ( wow cable ) ?
print color ?
can this be used as a replacement or is it only for new customers ?
does the quarter wrapper have to be the preformed wrappers or can you use the flat coin wrappers ?
is the nib removable ? if i wanted in the future to remove the ef nib and replace it with the italic nib , is that possible ?
can anyone tell me the size of these cards ? i ca n't find it in the description . are they standard size ?
will this unit work while on the charger
how long do the cartridges typically last before having to be replaced ?
can you choose to print in b & w and then switch when you want to print color or does it always chose to print in color if the document has color ?
does a usb cable come with this ?
how many come in this order , 12 ?
can you make sure and send me the blue planner ?
could you please tell me what color this medium planner is ?
what is size
can you reverse the door to have it open on left ?
is this the right paper for putting a clear decal over natural wood with a polyurethane sealer ? and is it removable ?
will this phone work with externally hosted systems like 8x8.com ?
will it work with the epson xp310 ?
does this pen use plain ink or ink cartridge ?
packed with box or bulk when delivered ? how much does this weigh ?
will this work for underwood model 18
is the day and date displayed for the year 2014
would you be able to use this on a foreign phone system - namely rep. of ireland ?
i have been admiring quite a few of your fountain pens , im just not sure how to go about loading thismone and other jinhao pens you have
does it come with everything to get started ?
is this 24 month calendar for 2015-2016 ? if not , when will it be available ?
does it scan double sided pages ?
can this scale be considered portable ?
is the tray removable replaceable ? ( for e.x . when changing shifts etc.. )
is the drawer removable to come out of the case ?
if you 're on the phone and another call comes in does the caller id show the new caller 's id ?
can this be used with the at & t cl82353 cordless system ?
would i be able to do smaller books -- -- -say a 3 x 5 book or maybe even a 2 x 4 book ?
is this epson ink ? or is it different brand of ink ?
could this product be set up as an aditional headset to an existing base ? and that both headsets ring simultaniously when the number is dialed ?
where can i get replacement blades for this cutter ?
does it work with imac ?
will this work with an office star 5500 space air grid mid back swivel chair
is this barcode scanner mfi ( made of ipod apple certified ) - so that it can be used as an input device for a custom app ?
will the money miser sort canadian coins ?
can you arrange to get a company name engraved or logo-ed on the product ? if so , how much extra would it cost ?
how many cards does it hold ?
i have mf4770n laser printer . is this ( eps replacement canon 128 ( 3500b001 ) black toner cartridges ) would fit my printer ? is this right kind ?
do the drawers have hang rails ?
does it have the choice of rpn , textbook or algebraic data entry like the hp50 ?
this does have wifi from a normal desktop computer ?
i need these for poly bags . do they stick well without peeling ?
is the laser red or green ?
does it shred credit cards well ? approximately how many can you shred before it overheats ?
will these fit a noble jinhao 8802 ?
what is the thickness of the pages together ? i need to know if it fits or not in my existing agenda ... . also , it says the suze is 5.9 x 8.5 inches at technical details but it says 5.5 x 8.5 inches at advertisement ... which one is right ? about the shipping wieght which one is correct , the lower ( 1.1 pounds ) or the bigger one ( 13 pounds ) ? what is the thickness of the pages together ? i need to know if it fits or not in my existing agenda ... . also , it says the suze is 5.9 x 8.5 inches at technical details but it says 5.5 x 8.5 ... » read more what is the thickness of the pages together ? i need to know if it fits or not in my existing agenda ... . also , it says the suze is 5.9 x 8.5 inches at technical details but it says 5.5 x 8.5 inches at advertisement ... which one is right ? about the shipping wieght which one is correct , the lower ( 1.1 pounds ) or the bigger one ( 13 pounds ) ? « show less
i have a canon mx920 , these cartridges , its chips are recognized and working good with mx920 ?
are these cartidges compatible for pixma mg2420 ?
is there grey ink in this batch
is the nib size # 6 ?
just to be sure , is this the 2014 calendar ?
had to put in new battery , lost instructions on how to reset time , how is that done ?
can it scan math equations ?
how many pages does this come with ?
hello ! can i use this machine in venezuela ?
how large are the rectangular holes on the walls and floor of the cart ? if i put an apple in the cart could it fall out ? what about a peach ?
does anyone have any info on the tiny pry bar in image 2 ?
does this model have talking caller id ?
nomorobo does n't list phone power as compatible . has anyone been successful using phone power with nomorobo ?
i have this set on a timer . it turns on it starts in flash mode . how can i change the default background ?
is assembly required
is this wire bound ?
i am looking at this product on 09 19 2014. i need a 2015 calendar . what calendar year is this product for ?
is the product in the original box sealed ?
how does this refill attach to an agenda ? does it slide in , or does it tie in ?
does this have telephone and address pages ?
description says `` one month per two page spread '' . is this correct , or is it one week per two page spread ?
the item description says that the calendar shows 3 months per page , yet the photo shows one month per page . please elaborate .
is this diary for 2014 ?
today is jan 17 , 2014 , a friday . in the photo above , the calendar has friday as the 18th . am i really buying the 2014 version here ?
is the paper durable ?
how thick is it ? are there refill pages to replace at the of the year ? anna
does this one ?
my refill does n't contain advance planning calenders ( 6-years on 2-pages ) and reference pages that include 2-pages of holidays worldwide ? does yours ?
will it fit into a zip up day timer re-order # 44275 desk simply classic 2 page per month
how long does the ink last compared to normal pens ?
does anyone have the documentation on this ? how do you make it discoverable
please indicate in what month this packet begins .
does this planner include the 2 page per month tabs ?
is this a full toner or more like the 'starter ' toner yield ?
just received my 4 pens . how do i tell the difference in nib size ?
does it come with an elastic closure band ?
what happens if a foreign object is put in ?
is it large enough to use sheet protectors or will they stick out ?
can you remove the label off the wooden frame ?
how easily is it pressed ?
how deep can the desk be ?
is this planer refill loose paper refill or a spiral refill ?
okay one ticket has name and number on it , correct . so does the other ticket blank on the back ? needing to stamp it so they know where it came from .
will this fit mx892
what is the power ( voltage ) on this ? will it work on 220 volts ? also where is it made ? is it usa ?
is the scanner a multi-page feeder or single page scanner ?
is this product compatible with lg gw370 neon 2 phone
has anyone encountered the auto document feeder ( adf ) reporting a paper jam error when scanning , even when there is n't a paper jam ?
does the c331 print white ?
will this printer still print out a sheet if color cartridge is empty ? black & white only ?
i have a macbook air ( osx 10.10.2 ) is your software compatible at this time ?
does it make copies ?
what is the height of the center pole ?
does the latest model have talking caller id capabiity ?
how many posters can you fit in this tube ?
is there any particular advantage to this over an mp3 player with a narrated bible loaded on it ?
does this printer work with 3rd party cartridges does this have an electronic chip inside the cartridge ?
is there a standard 2.5mm microphone socket for a wired headset ?
bmw
does this unite have a jack in each of the units to plug a headset into ?
what 's the maximum weight this can hold ?
can you refill these ? does it have the reset gear ?
can the laptop tray itself tilt in multiple angles as well ? if so , is there a maximum angle ?
do you feel it would be sturdy enough to hold heavy college text books ( about 3 inches thick ) for fairly long periods of time while i am reading ?
does it come with a usb cable and how long is it ?
what does `` starter toner '' mean ? is it a full set of toners ?
what are differences between fxcp400 and fx-cp400-l ?
how well does it lay flat when it is open ? also , how many pockets does it have to put folders in ?
does it come with the paper ?
is the leather showing any wear ? since it 's fake leather , did the chair smell of chemicals when you bought it ?
i would like to use this chair at counter height . what is the maximum height for this chair ?
are the inks waterproof ? what happens when a printed page gets wet ?
do you think this might work on the harness of a black cat who has the tendency to find new hiding places in our motorhome thus delaying our travels
can it use on 220v ac ?
does it have a 2-page calendar of each month in addition to the weekly 2 page spread ?
will it work on 220v power ?
how strong is the adhesive and holding capability ? will it be able to hold an action figure box on a thumb tack in a wall ?
can you adjust the viewing angle at all ?
is that a pentagram , or is the book upside down ?
what is the image format ? jpg ? tif ?
can the design be made with reflective material that can be seen at night ?
does it work with more than one phone ? or i need more than one box ?
what comes in the box ?
can this printer print in gray scale or black and white only as a setting selection ? can it print in economy mode to reduce ink usage ?
has anyone tried printing photos with the mfc-j475dw and if so , what kind of photo paper was used ?
will my parents in china pay any fee if i use this card to call them ?
will this ink work with epson workforce wf-7110 ?
can i call usa from the dominican republic , zurich , and central italy to call the us with this card ? can you recap the rates to do each ?
could it work with battery support . energy is sometimes down in the nights , it would loose the data ?
i have bought two multifunction machines , fax , print and scan and copy but have returned both ... ..when i try to use with yosemite it says no go ?
can this be used as a sublimation printer ?
if i ordered about 100 of these several with several weeks notice would i be able to choose the colors ?
my phone cost right now is about $ 58 a month , but i have almost $ 40 in taxes and fee . for those who have 2 phone lines , what is you bill running ?
can i change the color of writing ?
when is the expiration date on this ink ?
the cable of this device is located in the side ? or in the back ?
can you print two side document . if yes what are the settings to do so
what print cartridges do i buy
can you scan baseball cards ? will it do both sides at one time ?
can you rotate your ipad to both portrait and landscape mode ?
do you have to use the wireless function ? meaning , can i take the wireless adapter out and plug into our modem ?
are these brand new in their original packaging including the cardboard box ?
does this scan in color ?
does this printer print two side of the paper ?
just read this . is it true ?
is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ref=sr_1_45 ? m=atvpdkikx0der & s=toys-and-games & ie=utf8 & qid=1383231295 & sr=1-45 is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ... » read more is this superior to the `` con-tact '' brand chalkboard paper ? this is more than twice as expensive.http : www.amazon.com con-tact-self-adhesive-chalkboard-18-inch-6-feet dp b000kkmo90 ref=sr_1_45 ?
does this scanner create searchable files ?
is the software compatible with an apple
is the software windows 8 compatible
when you began using this did it relieve aches in your legs and lower back ?
will this work with windows 8.1 ?
is this compatible with epson xp-410 ?
can it use for the printer epson xp-310 ?
large books
will it do photos as well ?
can you make more than 1 copy at a time ? if so how do you get the window to say 3or4 ?
would a 42 '' olevia tv fit this ?
what ink cartridges does this printer use ?
have just set up brother mfc-j6520dw but i am very disappointed with the print quality . pictures are quite blurred . what have i done wrong ? gwen d
did this work on anybody with a dell b1160w ?
does it work on a microsoft surface pro windows 8 ?
it 's hard to tell from the photo . are the hangars of the folders actually hanging on a support ? or the folders just sit on the bottom of the drawer ?
are the handles built into the drawer ? or could they be changed out ?
what ink does it use ?
does the printer come with a usb cable ?
does this printer have a built-in nic ( network interface card ) or no ?
does this weigh in increments of .01 oz all the way up to 86 # ?
do cartridges lc105 and lc107 work withmfc-j470dw ?
will any of the scanned page be cut off in either the flatbed scan mode or the adf scan mode ?
which embosser fits with set ?
how long will a cartridge keep with out drying up !
will it work with canon mg 3132
i want to get some for friends ' bday , is there an expiration date on the sprounts , could i keep them for few months before using planting them ?
why do you charge so much for this ?
how does it work ? with batteries or electricity ?
is this a rigid mat , or a flexible one that arrives rolled up ?
is there a way to import passwords from a file and or a way to export them to keep a copy in a safe deposit box ?
is the ink in the refills the same heat sensitive ink ?
can this printer feed cardstock and photo paper with no problem ?
just bought this typewriter ( my first ) , and the carriage does n't move when i type . is there something i need to do to engage the carriage ?
does it come assembled ?
the photo with this product shows non rounded corners but the description states rounded ? which is it ?
will this monitor support two 24 '' asus screens ? is the 24 '' referencing the screen size or the screen + edge size ?
is a instruction manual supposed to come with this ?
does this have good lumbar support ?
will this work with kx9392 ?
what are the dimensions ?
will a samsung galaxy pro ( 12.2 inch ) tablet fit the slot ? what 's the exact length please ?
how many inches is it long and wide ?
does this printer work with the latest version of the mac os ?
does this integrate with windows outlook contact manager ? or with salesforce ?
please tell me what `` air print '' is . is it wi-fi ?
will this keyboard work with a samsung galaxy tab 2 model gt-p5113
where can i buy replacement teeth blades for this particular model ?
how much weight can it hold ? a 23 '' flat screen ?
does this phone system have a caller block ?
how many mm are lines dots spaced ? also how many lines per page ?
can it print over wifi while connected via usb and or ethernet ?
what are the inside dimensions ?
can the arm be attached to a pole that is permanently fixed at top and bottom , i.e . without sliding it over the top ?
is there a way to brighten dark slides in the scanner before saving ?
will this fit d5300 ?
can the scanner be power by a plug in method ?
is the plug for 110 - 240 v ? or only for 110 ?
will it work with my lumina ( windows phone ) ?
chips ?
do they work for epson xp-200 ?
does it comes with a key lock ?
includes spanish language ?
is it possible to hang this in a cubicle ? if so , does it come with a hook , or should i buy one ?
anyone know where to buy the red 3 4 '' cut pad at ?
how many number can i store for block numbers feature ?
does it scan multiple pages at once ? with a feeder or one page at a time ?
has anyone who tried these with an mfc-j870dw printer that has had problems with their printer not recognizing the cartriges been able to resolve this
can anyone tell me if they still are satisfied with the performance of these toner replacements ?
are these pens slim like the swarovski crystalline lady pens or more like the regular swarovski pens ?
what is the max height this item will adjust to ?
could you sit this on a treadmill at a treadmill desk ?
this printer comes with usb cable ? if not where can i get it
are the credit cards strip cut horizontally or actually cross cut to obliterate the numbers and info ?
what is the chair 's material , cushion , back and arms ?
so i get a lot of phone calls on my iphone , does this phone allow me to get calls from both my iphone and my line all on the same phone ?
do you have to use it wireless ? can you use a printer cable with it ?
how well does this printer handle card stock ?
does it come with ink ? the `` what 's in the box '' says it comes with setup ink tanks which does n't mean anything to me .
my pen dries out after sitting idle for a couple of days . is there a hack for preventing this ?
has anyone had problems with their printer not recognizing the replacement cartridges ?
this will work with google voice ?
is ink included with the brother hll2380dw wireless monochrome laser printer
does it work with epson workforce 3640 ?
i ordered the popo printer but it came with korean instructions how can i get the instructions in english ?
where can i find the video instructions for assembly ?
does it count any currency or only usd ?
will it work with a galaxy note 3 ?
where will i find the user guide after installation ?
what operating system does it have
i am looking for a black band that is 1 2 '' - 3 4 '' wide and a rested length of 4-6 '' . do you have any that are similar ?
is the box is too big , if it hangs off the scale , would it still be weighed properly ?
i have a ton of negatives from the 70 's . how many seconds does it take to scan 1 negative ?
how long will the photos last ? months , years , decades ?
do these already have ink or do you get just the `` cartridges '' ?
can it accept letter size sheets ?
after the scanner scan barcodes , what data format it is when it connect with computer ? is it a list of barcode or statistic ?
want to use the phone company answering service . does phone show when there is a message ?
does this phone have a mute button ?
how do i make locator button work ?
does this phone have caller id ?
i 'm totally new to this kind of pen . what is the 'converter ' for and how do you fill a pen like this with ink ? what is the best archival ink ?
will it scan to pdf ?
can this be wall-mounted ?
is this printer eligible for hp instant ink ?
i make invitations & am looking for a color laser that will work well on specialty card stock that wo n't work in my inkjet . will this printer work ?
how long is the included usb cable ?
can i copy documents or only print from my computer ?
would the 27 '' deep pro plus work on a desk that 's 24 '' deep ?
is it wireless ?
will scanner accept mounted slides ?
do you have to use the cd-rom to set up the printer or can it be done on line ?
does it print opaque blacks on transparency ?
how much is ink
what are the dimensions of the 3620
is it capable of `` borderless printing '' ( for instance printing a page entirely in blue without having the usual white borders ) ?
does this model kx-tg465 have an answering system ?
