what is the expiration for cartridge
does the product need additional stuff to work such as power cord , cord to computer ?
are these cartridges in mylar packing ? do you have 30 of them ?
overhead projector : must use only transparencies or can i use pictures and books ?
can it do math with complex numbers ?
is the first toner included or must i buy it separately ?
would this be suitable as a wall sticker ?
are the labels glossy or matte ?
will this printer work with windows 8.1
where can i buy a user manual for the panasonic kx-fhd331 plain paper fax ?
can you tell me if there is a space inside to hold a small calculator ?
does this sit flat on a table ?
do these cards have the perforated edges that are the easy tear apart kind of thing or do they need to be cut ?
can one fit a thick magazine in ? is it mylar ?
are these heavier weight , like manila folders and not copy paper weight ?
are these the reversaflex moulded tabs
are there 6 ring binders inside ?
usb connectivity ?
is the strip magnetic ?
can this be used instead of the spring-type doorstop that goes on a wall to keep the door from hitting the wall ?
how many phone numbers can it store ?
what is the core size..what products are it compatible with
dimentions ?
does this cart handle well over bad sidewalks and roads ?
does cd dvd come with ti-smartview software to connect the calculator to a computer ?
does this phone have a speaker phone feature ?
can this product be used to mount fabric ?
how many instructional cds dvds come with this hp 10bii+ financial calculator ? if so , what is the viewing time of the cd dvds and were they hopeful ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
after using the blue ink , would there be a problem if i change the color to black ?
how many pages has it run ?
does this cartridge comes in its original sealed hp box ?
i need a wireless printer . is this wireless ?
are these dividers the same paper thickness weight as regular manila file folders or thicker or thiner ? also is the tab at the top about 2 '' in length ?
will this fit in a drawer that is 16 '' deep ?
what does the seller mean by the statement `` printer power and ethernet only '' ? is it or is it not a complete printer ? does this refer to the cords ?
cursor control is a top concern for me . how well does it work for you ?
does it have the manual ?
how many phone stations can be plugged directly into this box ?
does it scan a driver license ?
the amazon unit is listed as `` label manager 450 '' . on the dymo web site it is listed as `` label manager 450d '' . what is difference ?
what is the thickness and does it have holes and does it absorb the water ?
what is the drying time ?
does this printer had a hard drive that needs to be scrubbed upon disposal of the printer ?
where are these pattern blocks made ?
how to change the settings on the cordless handset
the model displayed here is it the hp cpae ? and , does it have the same great manual as the 12c ?
approximately how many hanging file folders will this hold ?
do the trays slide in and out ?
can this envelope handle a 6 x 9 x 1 book ?
will this sharpen crayola large crayons ?
how sturdy is the table ? does it go up down easily and hold it in a position ?
has anyone been able to check it for software firmware updates via the hp connectivity software on either a win7 or win8 computer ?
can you use two phones at once on the same skype account ? and , can you use a skype usb phone at the same time ?
could this temporarily fix a sliding glass door ?
is there any issues with avery labels sticking to these ?
when reading about the size 14.5x19 ... ... ..further on under product dimensions it says : 14.9 x 10.9 x 1.2 inches . is this the size of the product you mail the bags in ?
i have a pixma 810 and i 've used it to view slides i 'm told that it is not compatible with my newer hp computer with with windows 8.can anyone help ?
could you use these for outdoor plant signage ?
can you use other labels to print on other than brother ?
does it fit 15 '' length drawer ?
are they easily removable ?
is it better than fx 4500 pa pv ?
does the phone require a phone jack outlet or just an electric plug ?
where is the scale made ?
dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a teacher 's salary . help ... please ? discpainter cd dvd printer dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a ... » read more dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a teacher 's salary . help ... please ?
compatible for brother mfc-j470dw ?
what material is this tray made out of ? how sturdy is it ?
whiteboard
is this wireless ?
does the coin tray removable ?
can i listen music trough this bluetooth if is paired with my phone ? or is only to receive and make calls ?
will this fit in a men 's wallet ?
wil this ink work for a canon pixma pro 9000 model ?
anyone having problems with the fax picking up voice calls ? my wife is reporting that the fax is picking up voice calls . our setup is our primary phone is plugged into the back of the printer , which is plugged into our vonage adapter . then again , the canon documentation for this printer is below average.the primary phone is the base for all other phones in the house . i may try running a separate lead to the phone base by using a splitter , but i would n't think that should matter.any advice ? is it the voip vonage line that is throwing this off ?
can this phone be mounted on the wall ?
i am looking for an afforadable way to print black and white labels for my products i sell at farmers markets . would this be a good choice ?
could i put my company name and info instead of library of ?
is this an actual board or is it just a dry erase paper ?
what does the phone come with ? power supply etc ... ?
we use a peel and stick time card 3 part will these work with this time clock ?
would this device replace a normal scanner at say a cash register using a normal pos software and a windows 7 or xp operating connecting it by usb ?
does the hand set come with base charger ?
i just want to be sure that this will work with my kx-tga939t . can you tell me if it does ?
are these customizable to whatever you want to make using these cards ? or do they already have the `` place postage here '' spot ?
i see that some pictures of this model have a turntable for the monitor to sit on . does this come with the stand on this version ?
does the pencil have an eraser ?
how do you add more lead ?
can this stand be wall mounted ?
how sturdy are the tabbed letters on this address book ? are they laminated or just plain paper ?
can these forms work with the inkjet printer ?
what is the real surface depth ? i have a laptop that is about 12.5 inches deep . will it fit on the surface ?
outdoor florida ?
can you tell me approximately how many bags of groceries this would hold ?
how thick is each sheet of xerox 3r11458 digital color elite gloss cover stock , 80 lb , 8 1 2 x 11
do the wheels scratch hardwood floors ?
how many are in a box ?
can you use liquid chalk with this board ?
will this sharpen colored pencils with good results ?
can the small tray be on either right or left side ?
is there a non-skid ( rubber-like ) material on the bottom ? if not , is it bare-metal , uncoated bottom ?
what is this made of ? plastic or paper ?
will a 13 '' macbook air slide under the stand ?
i am looking to scan medium format negatives ( about 3 '' x 3 '' ) . does it come with trays that will work for this size negative ?
how long is the string ?
can you eat out of a bowl glued with this product ?
will this stand also work for led monitors ?
will it hold a 1000 page hard-back medical text ? about 2.5 inches thick ? or would the freesia or rosemary models be more appropriate ?
will this work for canon mx432 ?
is this compatible with panasonic kx-tg9472b
how much weight can the stand hold ?
is this printhead an oem by hp or is it a copy that 's compatible ?
could anyone tell me the weight of this pen ?
are they hard to install ?
why i can not use it on my mac computer , i got the software disk about the scanner , but i ca n't install it , please help me .
does it use regular staples ?
how exactly do you change the lead ? do you have to take out one lead and then insert another thru the point , ?
how is the ink useage with the hp6500 ? i am looking to buy an hp all-in-one . but the cost of ink is very important . what is the best unit for ink cost ?
why sound echo
does it fit a macbook pro 13-inch ?
what is the height of this table ?
what is the size for one label ?
i would like to purchase a spare ink converter . which waterman ink converter should i buy for this pen ?
is there a border around each label that separates the 2 labels on the sheet ? or do the labels butt up against each other ?
can you use it in the car ?
is there a headset jack on base unit ?
will this ink work with the epson wf2540 printer ?
while i 'm asking , can the ringers be shut off as well ?
does this connect to the internet through a router ( cat 5 cable ) or through a computer ( usb port ) ?
any software issues do anyone know if there are there any software issues with this printer ?
how well does this work on a chalkboard
do you have the 1096 for 2013 ?
i need help finding a template to use with this cutter . help
so is that 6ea of every color ?
does this poster have everything you need to have posted for california ?
i would like to know if this item it works for a printer epson stylus rx610 . if not works , what do you recommend me ?
is it possible to assemble this without the middle shelf ?
are the bases for the handset sturdy ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
is it refillable ?
is the cord from the handset to the base removable so that i could attach a longer cord ?
so i understand the power supply not included , but it can be connected to a power supply if necessary , correct ?
are these made in america ?
how do i turn it off ?
would this stand work just as well if you were using it on your lap instead of a desktop ?
does this product connect via bluetooth to an iphone ? does it need a laptop computer in order to function or can it run on usb power from a 12v ?
will this work on 64 bit systems ?
i 'm planning to use it on an electronic sit-stand table that move up and down . is this stable enough that the monitor would n't move out of position ?
do you need to have internet access ? is it xp compatible ?
can it print envelopes ? can envelopes be fed individually ?
is this hard plastic or a plastic sleeve ?
how low can this tray drop from the top of the mount bottom of table ?
so is this pack 2 different purples and three different blues ?
what size monitor and or lbs is this designed to hold ?
is there an ink refill you can buy for this ?
does it print on both sides ?
i bought this printer from someone and do not have the cd that was supposed to go with it . how can i install the printer since i do n't have the cd ?
what is the most difficult part of putting this chair together ? can one person do it ?
is this lcd screen as sharp and crisp as in a typical casio scientific calculator ?
does this product come with a usb cable ?
is there a quick `` ringer off on '' for all phones ?
can you change cord
when try to slide holder into slot , it goes so far and then is blocked .
what is the max weight it can support ?
is it compatible with windows 7
what types of staples does it take
what is the diameter of the mounting pole ?
the cartridge goes in crooked when seating ? its obviosly smaller and i dont want to jam it in there suggestions would be nice ?
does this phone system have the capability of blocking certain numbers or area codes ?
i surmise you scan directly to your computer -- how much ram do you need ?
good evening , this printer makes copies and has scanner ?
will this still spin with very light items on them ?
does it has the feature to place a big document and scann all of the pages it self ?
does this come with the actual screws for the back of the monitor to screw into the plates ?
how loud is it ?
what material is the cover made out of ? is it sturdy so it wo n't fall apart ?
we have some large air return vents to cover . will this product work for that purpose ?
would this work for storing crochet hooks ?
how much does it weigh ?
is the extra basket removable ?
does it scan
do the numbers light up ?
if i wanted to remove shelves from one side fully to store a vacuum and a mop is this an option ?
has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's over 1 yr old . the solution to this question on their support threads is `` get printer serviced . '' has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's ... » read more has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's over 1 yr old . the solution to this question on their support threads is `` get printer serviced . '' « show less
why will i not get a printed copy even though it has ink and goes thru all the motions of printing but comes out blank
new to comp-checks . they say print logo free , i thought theses are just blank and quickbooks prints everything ?
will this phone work with ring central system ?
are the cartridges full of the actual epson brand ink that they sell for 21.00+ for each color ?
i have a paperback book that 's 6 '' wide when closed and 1 3 8 '' thick . will this stand work alright for it ?
i keep getting blue lines all over my prints . i opened the lid took out all cartages and everything looks clean , even the foam pad . any ideas , help ?
will this printer work if it runs out of color ( ie will it print black and white independently of color ink levels ? )
how many cartridges contains this value pack ?
my black and white photos are printing blue and white ?
size of glass
would i have to feed each sheet manually ?
my printer does n't grab the paper from the tray and i do n't know how to fix the problem . any recommendations ?
can this do 2-sided scanning ?
is the page blank ?
what voltage
can you change only one cartridge ?
does this phone have talking caller i.d ?
could someone pls tell me inside dims of the drawers , how far apart n how tall r their drawer box sides ?
when i unbend the top cover feed tray , i hear a `` clicking '' sound . is this normal ? or am i doing something wrong ? there are 2 joints to the top part . i 'm talking about the hinge joint that connects that part with the sliding width guides to the part above it with the `` bunny ears '' for extra long documents . when i unbend that 2nd hinge , i hear the click sound . when i unbend the top cover feed tray , i hear a `` clicking '' sound . is this normal ? or am i doing something wrong ? there are 2 joints to the top part . i 'm talking about the hinge joint ... » read more when i unbend the top cover feed tray , i hear a `` clicking '' sound . is this normal ? or am i doing something wrong ? there are 2 joints to the top part . i 'm talking about the hinge joint that connects that part with the sliding width guides to the part above it with the `` bunny ears '' for extra long documents . when i unbend that 2nd hinge , i hear the click sound . « show less
i have 2.25 thermal paper . it is double , white & yellow copies . will my new xe-a407 use this type of paper ?
i am confused as to how this process works.do i add to my empty epson cart or do i have to also buy a special cartridge ? wf 3520
is it a 110 or 240 volts printer ?
is there assembly required ?
does this come with rs paper wrappers ?
does it have a air print ?
are these compatible with samsung galaxy note 2 ?
i keep having a problem where the legal size files do n't actually *hang* but stand on the bottom . will they hang in this box ?
how sturdy is this case ?
are these cartridges sealed in the original packaging ?
can talking caller id be turned off ?
is it 3 books or only 1 ?
this item got broken after 6 months , is there a warranty ?
will letter sized file folders fit in the pockets ?
what is the weight rating
what batteries does this use
how many labels come for each room ? are they pre printed , or blank ?
how large and heavy laptop can it support ? does it support 15.6 inches and 6 pounds laptop ? and what is the tilting angle limit with a laptop ?
does n't it happen that the dust sticks to it and easily reduces the stickiness of it thus making it useless ?
number of prints
this can fit an 11x17 paper right ?
is there a paper tray , or do you have to feed one sheet at a time ?
what are basic differences between scanners i.e. , what is a dock or wand ?
is this the one ring that rules them all ?
does this make double-sided copies ?
is this the large bk cartridge ? or the smaller pbk cartridge ?
i assume this is improperly labeled ? on amazon this is listed as lc1053 , but the picture says lc105m . does this ever worry anyone else ?
does this print out on both sides ?
i 'm looking for a lap desk with a high angle which this one appears to have . is the padding on the back angled or more flat ?
how big of a negative will it scan i think some of the ones i have are 3 '' x 5 ''
will this operated with an included ac adapter or do you need batteries ?
can filler sheets be bought for this binder ?
since this does not have the reset button for the chips , will they reset themselves or does this system have a shelf life ?
could you indicate if this would work for the printer hp 3520 ?
has anyone had success with a non-brother adapter ?
how is the print quality compared to a color laser printer , particularly in an office setting with charts , etc ?
how quickly does this printer go through ink when printing black and white documents ?
could this be used as a stand for 2 pound laptop computer , and is it sufficiently sturdy so that i could type on the computer ?
can i order an extra tray for this mfp from amazon ? how much are they ?
how do replace cartridge ink
does this device support english ?
does any usb cord work to connect this printer to computer ?
is it pocket size the 6842114 ?
can you adjust the focus on the slide ? is there an auto-focus ?
can you use a headset with these ?
does the scanner come with a 1 year warranty ?
what year is the calendar planner for ?
is the size big enough for a long necklace with big stones ?
re : the question `` how far apart are outside of legs ? ''
lets try this again , do you run into the problem of the colors repeating ?
what is weight limit ?
would using a household heavy duty foil work as well ?
how about the pixma 5520 please ?
2014 ?
doe this have monthly and weekly breakdowns ?
is it quality paper or cheap and flimsy ?
what size pins go with it ? would 1 inch pins work ?
does this have a setup disk for the computer ?
does this printer have a manual feed drawer for custom sized paper ?
how do they hold up on ice ? do the labels stay on pretty well without getting soggy ?
is this compatible with canon mf8280
does it tilt
is there a list of set of examples of the fonts ? is there a way i can use my own fonts ?
are these cartridges compatible with mfc-j470dw ?
wanted to find out if this organizer has refillable pages . that is , if i wanted to keep this organizer for next year 2015 , where could i order refill
does it scan 11x17 ? can it reduce from 11x17 to 8.5 x 11 ( letter size ) ?
is there a speaker on the hand set ?
what is the max length & width of the documents it is able to scan ?
are these standard yield or high yield cartridges ?
how long does the ink last and is it expensive to replace ?
does this come with the 5bill x 5coin till ?
i know it 's link to cell via bluetooth , but is there bluetooth headset capability ?
does it handle staples
ok ... . now i am confused ! so you need a usb cord with it ? is that for set up ? is this printer a wireless printer or not ?
does it work with mac yet ?
does this scanner scan to pdf format ?
can you print greeting cards ?
i usually have filled by hand . in order to print does n't my computer need a template to use to fill in ?
does the stamped image look like you signed with a felt tip pen ( ie : a little thicker ) or is it a fine line like a ballpoint pen ?
how long is the cord ?
has anyone tried the estorage print app ?
when you scan a document with multiple pages , does it result in a single pdf document or multiple individual pages .
