who 's getting expired ink ?
does it have a connector in the top for connection to ti-presenter ?
what are the expiration dates of either epson t007 or t009 cartridges ( oem only ) ?
overhead projector : must use only transparencies or can i use pictures and books ?
can it do math with complex numbers ?
is the software in order to install the driver included with the printer ?
would this be suitable as a wall sticker ?
are these labels too small to use for amazon fba product labels ?
hey that work with windows 7 ?
where can i buy a user manual for the panasonic kx-fhd331 plain paper fax ?
will an ipad mini fit inside it ?
how wide are the individual slots ?
what 's the weight of these cardstock ?
will this actually fit an 8 '' x11 '' size paper or is some of the size taken up in the binder holes ?
are these heavier weight , like manila folders and not copy paper weight ?
what are the dimensions of this item ?
what years are listed on the stickers ?
does this printer have a tractor feed supplied with it ? is it adjustable to different widths , such as for narrow badges ?
dumb question , how do you `` release '' a piece of paper after inserting ?
can this be used instead of the spring-type doorstop that goes on a wall to keep the door from hitting the wall ?
can i add a plantronics wireless headset ?
what is the core size..what products are it compatible with
will it come with usb ? can i use usb ?
how tall is this when opened up ? how far off the ground is the handle when it 's open ?
compare with i-83
how bright is the red color ?
does this come in the box with the squeegee and cover liner ?
how many instructional cds dvds come with this hp 10bii+ financial calculator ? if so , what is the viewing time of the cd dvds and were they hopeful ?
can it scan tabloid ?
how `` fine '' is the fine tip ? how does it compare to the other lamy tip widths ( extra-fine , medium ) ?
how many pages has it run ?
does this cartridge comes in its original sealed hp box ?
does it have an envelope tray ?
are these dividers the same paper thickness weight as regular manila file folders or thicker or thiner ? also is the tab at the top about 2 '' in length ?
has anyone successfully used these for legal size files ?
quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a presentable prints . do any of you who have used this product think this will suffice my intended usage ? quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a ... » read more quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a presentable prints . do any of you who have used this product think this will suffice my intended usage ? « show less
will the signal go thru the wall if the reciver is in the attic and mouse in the living room .
does it have the manual ?
does this handle a t1 card ?
paper weight can this scanner be used with a heavy weight paper ?
does this have an automatic ( electric ) cutter ?
does the mat hold its shape under weight or does it compress ?
is this the same as the rubber cement used in plugging car tires ?
6310 - black line only when using the auto loader has anyone else had the problem when a thin black line appears on any document picture that is scanned in via the autoloader on top ? if i place anything directly on the scanner , it comes out fine.just wondering if anyone has had the problem and how they have fixed it . 6310 - black line only when using the auto loader has anyone else had the problem when a thin black line appears on any document picture that is scanned in via the autoloader on top ? if ... » read more 6310 - black line only when using the auto loader has anyone else had the problem when a thin black line appears on any document picture that is scanned in via the autoloader on top ? if i place anything directly on the scanner , it comes out fine.just wondering if anyone has had the problem and how they have fixed it . « show less
what shapes are included ?
does the tg4500b have a night mode ?
does this one have a black keyboard background or a silver one on what is delivered by amazon ?
can you tell me if the height of 27.5 includes the casters ?
do the trays slide in and out ?
can this envelope handle a 6 x 9 x 1 book ?
i have a 1 centimeter diameter pencil - is the hole on this sharpener large enough ?
is the side table adjustable to be placed on the right side of the desk ( as opposed to left side as shown )
my old hp 48 has a `` swap '' button to swap a value in the stack . does the new hp 50 contain the same `` swap '' button ?
wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it could not be used at starbucks via t-mobile ? wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it ... » read more wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it could not be used at starbucks via t-mobile ? « show less
will this work on porcelain tub ?
i 'm looking to sell a few things on ebay . how many shirts on average can be fit inside ? as well , how many paperback books ?
the thickness or mil of the plastic ? is it 2 mil or 2.4 or ?
can you scan negatives ?
what is the thickness of these pouches ?
can i use this to print over regular labels or need to be thermal paper label ?
i want to set this frame on my desktop to file as i go throughout each day . would that work or does this have to go inside the file cabinet ?
how many in box
is this new ? is it in japanese letters or english ?
does the phone require a phone jack outlet or just an electric plug ?
what size of platform ?
i have a dymo and it does not work with windows 7 it needs 32 bits how do i get it working ?
are thye full size or tester size ?
what is the overall width including any hardware ?
whiteboard
is this wireless ?
can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ? sparco money tray , with locking cover , 16 x 11 x 2-1 4 inches , black ( spr15505 ) can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ? sparco money tray , with locking cover , 16 x 11 x 2-1 4 inches , black ... » read more can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ?
does the displays shows the caller number ?
what number batteries does it use
is this genuine canon brand ?
ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go anywhere ? ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go ... » read more ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go anywhere ? « show less
is this keypad illuminated better than att 210 phone
i want to print ingredient labels for hand make goat milk soaps . is this possible .
can i change `` from the library of '' to `` ex libris '' ?
is this an actual board or is it just a dry erase paper ?
is the phone complete ? with the 2 microphones ?
can any paper work
is this bluetooth ? will it work with my android galaxy note 2 phone ? will it work with the scanpower softward ?
can you set it to forward calls ?
does this handset work with the kx tg9391 phone ?
are these specially coated for use only with inkjet printers ?
i see that some pictures of this model have a turntable for the monitor to sit on . does this come with the stand on this version ?
is the lead erasable ?
how do you replace leads in a dr grip center of gravity pencil ?
assembly how do you attach monitor to this stand ? my monitors do not have holes in the back , anybody ?
how sturdy are the tabbed letters on this address book ? are they laminated or just plain paper ?
does this kit include the software needed to prepare the forms ?
can you remove the dividers ?
can this item be used outside ?
does this come with a lid ?
can i print them in an inkjet printer ?
how big is the computer top size ? hold 17 inch computer ?
how did you find the quality ?
is any hardware included ? if not , what 's the best way to hang mount this blackboard onto a wall ?
can it sharpen colored pencils ?
is it possible to put the top shelf centered on top , so that it kind of overlaps the bottom shelf ?
is this $ 7.76 for a pair or single bookend ?
how much can fit in each pocket ?
is it approved by apple for its use
does this scanner make each negative a separate file , or does it make it one and i have to crop each slide ?
i will be labeling things with these that will be outside in the elements for 2-3 months at a time . do you think these will hold up to the elements ? if not , do you know of another brand type that would ?
will this product hold up outside with temps up to 120 ?
is there a way to mount this using the grommet hole in a desk ?
an ipad on this ? i 'd like a bookstand , that i can sit beside my computer to place my ipad on my desk . any one else have any experience with ipads on book stands ? any recommendations ? and if i wanted to go to a store to look at bookstands , what kind of store has them ? an ipad on this ? i 'd like a bookstand , that i can sit beside my computer to place my ipad on my desk . any one else have any experience with ipads on book stands ? any recommendations ? and if ... » read more an ipad on this ? i 'd like a bookstand , that i can sit beside my computer to place my ipad on my desk . any one else have any experience with ipads on book stands ? any recommendations ? and if i wanted to go to a store to look at bookstands , what kind of store has them ? « show less
is it come with the filler ?
is this a 2 line handset ?
how much weight can the stand hold ?
what is the end of warranty date
what ink cartridge does this pen take ? does it use the # su type catridges ?
is this printer head a genuine hp oem ?
does anybody have the driver for epson perfection v30 ?
how far from the edge of the paper can this staple ?
i see reports of `` marks well , even on thin paper '' . what about pages that are particularly smooth or satin-like ?
will this printer work with asus netbook ? i wonder will this printer work with my asus netbook ? how will i install the software without the dvd writer . can i download it from their website ?
how do i store phone numbers on dect 6.0 phone ?
does it fit a macbook pro 13-inch ?
what is the height of the wheels and the bar that is attached to the wheels ?
postage doesnt print correctly on the sheet ?
is there a conversion kit available ?
is there a border around each label that separates the 2 labels on the sheet ? or do the labels butt up against each other ?
can i use with any aplication like gotomeeting , webex , skype . is it compatibility with windows 7 , 8,8.1 ?
can i forward calls from this phone ?
are the ink colors accurate or are the slightly off color ?
does this phone system require a splitter in order for the two lines to work ?
does this phone come with a power adapter ?
fax
is the tip a 4mm ? does any one know ?
what do you mean by 5 pack ? is it 5 pcs . of 1096 form ?
what is the standard paper thickness this card will cut ? will it do 100lb card stock ?
are these actual original hp cartridges that have been refilled , or are they made by someone else ?
does this poster have everything you need to have posted for california ?
do this printer print disk and how many disk .
how easy or difficult is the setup ?
can the caller id announcement be turned off and only the normal ringer used ?
can you do books ?
is the paper inside lined ?
is the cord from the handset to the base removable so that i could attach a longer cord ?
is it compatible with a nortel networks phone model m3903 ?
are these made in america ?
can i scan artwork ?
will this hold a 13 '' macbook ?
does it scan and save multiple page documents ? does it feed pages ?
is this compatible with dentimax office software ? does it even need dental software to run ? can it create a lone bmp file ?
i 'm planning to use it on an electronic sit-stand table that move up and down . is this stable enough that the monitor would n't move out of position ?
do you need to have internet access ? is it xp compatible ?
are there drivers support for windows 7 ?
our badges use rfid chips , where we hold the badge in front of a sensor to open doors , elevators , etc . does that work with this badge protector ?
can this be attched under a counter top work station ?
so is this pack 2 different purples and three different blues ?
what size monitor and or lbs is this designed to hold ?
is there an ink refill you can buy for this ?
does it print on both sides ?
can you plug a usb in this printer or can you put a memory card from your camera in the printer ?
what is the height of the seat from the floor.. top of the seat .
what physical constants ?
where is this product made ?
is there a quick `` ringer off on '' for all phones ?
is the display back-lit ?
when viewing slides on the imagebox , can you also see them on your computer before scanning and or saving ?
will this fit a 15 inch rmbp ?
what is the resolution - megapixels ?
what types of staples does it take
can i mount the arm on a different pole ?
does this toner work with a brother mfc 7840w ?
can this phone mount to the wall ?
can this scanner be uses with 240v power ?
is it wirelees
does this stay in place when it swivels ?
i bought this because old 2050 broke and had some almost new 61 cartridges i wanted to use in it . however , this one requires 122 cartridges . why ?
i have a glass desk . will this mount support the weight of two monitors without damaging the clamped area ?
does doxie scan business cards ?
does it have tabs for each month ?
we have some large air return vents to cover . will this product work for that purpose ?
would fountain pens fit in to the holders ?
what can you attach to if have bulkhead seat , or exit row ( tray table in armrest ) ?
is the extra basket removable ?
about how many pages can i expect on # 125 starter cartridge ?
is it rotary it push button
if i wanted to remove shelves from one side fully to store a vacuum and a mop is this an option ?
has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's over 1 yr old . the solution to this question on their support threads is `` get printer serviced . '' has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's ... » read more has anyone found a solution to the `` wo n't print in black ink '' problem ? we tried replacing cartridges ( twice ! ) , cleaning & nozzle check , etc . hp tech support charges as it 's over 1 yr old . the solution to this question on their support threads is `` get printer serviced . '' « show less
hero 5 .
can i fill them out with handwriting , for example when i 'm traveling ?
will this work in tandem with a polycom 300 ? there are times i need to pick up a handset . ip phone service .
are the cartridges full of the actual epson brand ink that they sell for 21.00+ for each color ?
is it easy to turn the pages ?
how do i check my ink levels
is it a scanner
are these empty or full cartridges ?
my black and white photos are printing blue and white ?
i am looking to scan double sided documents to pdf format to save in my computer ( like bank statements , etc . ) . will this take a few pages at a time ?
can it scan a passport or wouldit be too thick ?
can anyone tell me if i can use this printer to print images with sublimation ink to heat press onto t-shirts ?
does the control panel tilt for easier viewing ?
have you used these labels w a laser printer ?
can you use this with max os 10.8.2 ? i ca n't figure out how to set this up .
does anyone know the cheapest printer i can get to use this ink with ?
is this phone model number 30524 ? if not , what is model number ?
could someone pls tell me inside dims of the drawers , how far apart n how tall r their drawer box sides ?
is it available for apple products ?
i have 2.25 thermal paper . it is double , white & yellow copies . will my new xe-a407 use this type of paper ?
are these ink cartridges compatible with epson printer tx210 ?
good morning , is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint ?
is there assembly required ?
mainly want to wrap quarters - 100 + - a week but sometimes they accumulate . do round wrappers work well & do they sell those also ?
does it have a air print ?
will these tags work through a case specifically a spigen slim armour for a nexus 5 ?
i know the dimensions are 18.5 x 14 x 11 inches but which of these is the height ?
does this have compartments ( dividers ) ?
i 'm confused about quantity , so you mean it includes 4 blk , 4 magenta , 4 yellow , 4 cyan so total toners are 16 , are n't they ?
how to program phone numbers and differentiate between home and cell # for the same person.
are some of the lines actually double lines for currency denomination separation-thus a total of 8 vertical fields ?
is there a warranty that comes with the purchase
it the outside plastic or cloth ?
what is the weight rating
is there a wall barcket for this handset
about how big are the labels ? they seem a little small ?
what is the wizard desk stand ?
does n't it happen that the dust sticks to it and easily reduces the stickiness of it thus making it useless ?
is this device compatible with my samsung galaxy s4
can you use a `` carrier '' with this machine ?
is this compatible with windows 8 ?
is there an available model of this that has wifi capability ?
can anyone tell me what is the maximum circumference this will accommodate ?
what is the canon toner model number that this printer uses ?
is it genuine epson ?
has anyone noticed that this item is a 3-pack of ink cartridges , but the item description is for samsung ativ smart pc 500t ?
does this print out on both sides ?
which are the differences between brookstone ecomfort and brookstone epad ? it seems to be the very same product . is this right ? or are some differenc
i purchased this , and then returned it . i found that it cut the bottom of my slides off . no matter what i did , i could not get it to scan the entire slide . has anyone else had this problem ?
does this phone have a voicemail indicator light or any other way of signaling that a voicemail has been received ?
how thick is the spine ?
since this does not have the reset button for the chips , will they reset themselves or does this system have a shelf life ?
do these ink cartridges come with a chip or not ?
does the ink need to be replaced in this labeler ?
does it have a scanner ?
eassy to find catr
could this be used as a stand for 2 pound laptop computer , and is it sufficiently sturdy so that i could type on the computer ?
can i order an extra tray for this mfp from amazon ? how much are they ?
is it compatible windows 8
what file types can it transfer to the pc ? would it be possible to convert them to text ? how ?
windows 8 compatible ?
is it pocket size the 6842114 ?
does it work on apple computers ?
can you use a headset with these ?
are paintings etc scanned on this unit convertable into jpeg tiff without using photoshop ?
does this version have room for three years ' worth of entries ?
are these case packed or loosely tossed into a box ?
where is this laptop tabel made ?
how to open the 35 gel pens pack container ?
does this heavy duty cylinder only fit into other `` heavy duty big & tall '' chairs , or is this made to replace the standard ( up to 250 lb ) cylinders ?
will these fit inside of a standard hip wallet ?
are these cartridges refillable ?
i need a 2014 refill -- must know if the stock item is in fact a 2014 refill ?
is this a 2014 calendar ?
i 'd like to post this calendar on my fridge . does it come with magnets ?
what is the width of the frame on this board ? i want hinge two of these together . is it wide enough to allow hinges to be screwed into it ?
does this have a setup disk for the computer ?
how is the scanning ?
are these waterproof ?
what is the shelf life of the cartridge before it has to be used ?
how long does the note 8 battery last ?
is the printed ribbon washable ? could you put it in a shirt or use as a sewn in on tag on handmade gifts ?
will these cartridges fit work with an mfc-j875dw ?
wanted to find out if this organizer has refillable pages . that is , if i wanted to keep this organizer for next year 2015 , where could i order refill
does it print 65 lb and 110 lb cardstock ?
how many calls can be blocked
when you use it on sd mode , do you hear a slight noise by putting your ear next to the slot ? also , the left bottom of the scanner is it a bit hot ?
do these cartridges expire or go bad after a certain period of time ?
how is the picture quality
what cash rdrawer is compatible with square swivel stand
i know it 's link to cell via bluetooth , but is there bluetooth headset capability ?
will it shred cardboard ?
would a regular usb cord work with this printer ? and what brand and number ink cartridges should i get for the printer ?
does the scanner come with the black mat ?
does it come with all requisite cables and cords ?
what are people 's experience with compatible inks vs. canon inks ? is there any down-side ?
does this form work with office ally ?
i need a stamp to use with my signature plus my id of 11 numbers all to fit in a space of length 2 1 2 inches by height 1 2 inch . would this work ?
does the phone have unique ringtones for each directory listing ?
how does the duplex scanning feature work for you ?
will the printer autoselect the paper size between the trays ?
