why is this saying it will not work in my hp business inkjet 1200 ?
is this the titanium or the original version ?
what are the expiration dates of either epson t007 or t009 cartridges ( oem only ) ?
where can i buy parts for this overhead projector ?
does it do trig
will this print on transparencies for screen printing ( heavy opaque black )
can these be ran through laser printers , or are they strictly for ink jet printers ?
how many roles to a box
hey that work with windows 7 ?
where can i buy a user manual for the panasonic kx-fhd331 plain paper fax ?
will an ipad mini fit inside it ?
can you put it inside a drawer ?
whats the point size ?
are these the shiny glossy sheets or are they more of a matte finish with any texture or cloudiness on them ?
are they 11 pt manila ?
does this include the papers that fit inside for labeling ?
how many pages will it hold ?
i currently have a okidata 420 microline 9 pin printer , and need to replace it . is just the 420 microline the same ?
how much weight will this hold ?
what is the height ?
how do you store numbers and how do you recall them ?
what is ncr thermal receipt paper ? does it give a double receipt ?
will it come with usb ? can i use usb ?
i 'm looking at something to haul gear at lacrosse tournements . things like quad chairs , shade umbrellas , etc . is this going to be sturdy enough ?
is there a backspace key ?
what is the length of the coiled phone cord and the cable line ?
does this come in the box with the squeegee and cover liner ?
is this a better choice than the texas instruments baii plus ?
how do i scan to pdf ?
what is the yellow part that appears on the product 's picture ? is it removable ?
how many pages has it run ?
this toner is cheaper than its newer version in black box . is there any difference in quality ? will this one work just as well ?
does it have an envelope tray ?
are these actual folders or just dividers ?
what is the minimum depth .
how do you stop or cancel a print job ?
will the signal go thru the wall if the reciver is in the attic and mouse in the living room .
does it have the manual ?
does this handle a t1 card ?
does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't work . does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't ... » read more does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't work . « show less
does this have an automatic ( electric ) cutter ?
does the mat hold its shape under weight or does it compress ?
is this the same as the rubber cement used in plugging car tires ?
where do i load 4x6 photo paper ?
are these blocks compatible with the learning resources pattern cards that are sold in another set ?
how long of a range does this phone have ?
does this product come with the carrying case ?
what 's the dimensions ?
my bars are just hollow and the screws have nothing to screw into ... am i missing something ?
can you hand write mailing addresses on the envelop itself ?
will this sharpen the fat crayons and the triangular crayons ?
how far does the desk tilt ? will it tilt any farther down ? is it a comfortable tilt say if i had a book on it reading and sitting in my recliner
i recently bought one of these , but it came without the pouch , is it normal ?
wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it could not be used at starbucks via t-mobile ? wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it ... » read more wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it could not be used at starbucks via t-mobile ? « show less
will this work on porcelain tub ?
what is the thickness of your mailers ?
do these have the bubbles in them ?
can you scan negatives ?
do these need to be used with a laminating machine ? or are they self-seal ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
my drawer is 17 x 20 x 10 tall . do you think this will work ?
do they stick to plastic bags ?
is this new ? is it in japanese letters or english ?
what does the ring sound like ?
does this scale allow you to `` zero out '' with a bucket or other container and then weigh product pured into that container ?
i have a dymo and it does not work with windows 7 it needs 32 bits how do i get it working ?
does it work for mfc-845cw ?
i have a desk made of particle board . is there any issue mounting this in that kind of structure ?
how do set this up ?
scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that came with the printer , but where is says `` safe to file '' they do n't have pdf option for some reasons . according to manual , it should be there , but it 's not.. does anyone have the same problem ? what is your experience with scanning to pdf with this machine ? scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that ... » read more scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that came with the printer , but where is says `` safe to file '' they do n't have pdf option for some reasons . according to manual , it should be there , but it 's not.. does anyone have the same problem ? what is your experience with scanning to pdf with this machine ? « show less
what are the dimensions ?
does this work for an iphone 5 ?
must you use batteries ?
are the cartrideges clear to see the amount of ink in them
two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is a dedicated fax line and not used for phones . two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is ... » read more two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is a dedicated fax line and not used for phones . « show less
is it wall mountable ?
can i use thi printer for jewelry tags and do you sell the tags ?
can i change `` from the library of '' to `` ex libris '' ?
is this an actual board or is it just a dry erase paper ?
is it eligible for smartnet coverage ?
will it work with tops form 1252 ?
must the object you are scanning be no farther away from the computer than the length of the usb cable ?
does this handset work with the kx-tga931s base unit ?
does this have to be plugged into a jack ? is it wireless ?
will i be able to print a picture on one side ?
the picture shows the laptop resting or hooked to something putting it at an angle . does this come with the stand ?
what mm is the lead size ?
how do you replace leads in a dr grip center of gravity pencil ?
can the monitor arms be mounted at different heights on the pole to adjust height between two different monitors ?
want to know the sizethe size of the book ?
how many people ( not forms ) does a package of 24 cover ? i know there are copies b , c etc so i do n't know if 24 forms is just for 8 people ?
how many inches is it between the risers .
i was suprised to find that the `` slot '' opening was on the 12 '' side and not the 10 '' side , different than it appears in the photo . is this standard ?
how deep is the cart ?
is this paper coated on two sides ?
the pic shows the unit coming at the user from the right . my application requires it coming from the left . can i flip the wooden table top 180 degrees then fasten it with the screws ?
how did you find the quality ?
is any hardware included ? if not , what 's the best way to hang mount this blackboard onto a wall ?
how many blades does it have , one or two ?
can the shelf be set to 8 '' to 10 '' lower than the top when the top is fully up ?
i wonder about using the strong ( ? '' 10 '' ? book ends as strength for building a bookcase using old enc . brit . set . current bookends wobbly bendable ?
the image shows a form in the first pocket . does the organizer come with the pre-printed forms or is that just an example of usage ?
what is the power supply ? is it only the american 110 or can go up to 220 or 240 as well ?
is it compatible with mac os 10.8 and newer
i will be labeling things with these that will be outside in the elements for 2-3 months at a time . do you think these will hold up to the elements ? if not , do you know of another brand type that would ?
is this glue safe in a microwave ?
is it sturdy
paperback textbook ?
does this ink work with a hp officejet 5610 ?
i lost one of my cordless phones for my panasonic how do i know what cordless unit to buy . do they automatically sinc up ?
do the casters lock ?
is there a separate print head for each color ?
refills
is this printer head a genuine hp oem ?
this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . but in recent weeks , the v30 has been listed as `` available for pre-order '' all the time , and the item description says `` this item has not yet been released . '' or is it ? any idea what 's going on here ? this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . it 's degrading very slowly and i do n't scan docs ... » read more this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . but in recent weeks , the v30 has been listed as `` available for pre-order '' all the time , and the item description says `` this item has not yet been released . '' or is it ? any idea what 's going on here ? « show less
how far from the edge of the paper can this staple ?
what colors do they have .
does wireless 6500 work with windows 7 ?
how do i store phone numbers on dect 6.0 phone ?
where is the ul number on my sentrysafe ?
i have a recliner and there is only about 2.5 inches of clearance under the bottom of it between it and the floor . would this fit underneath it ?
postage doesnt print correctly on the sheet ?
is there a conversion kit available ?
is there a name on the back of these labels
can i use with any aplication like gotomeeting , webex , skype . is it compatibility with windows 7 , 8,8.1 ?
how do i initiate conference calls ? do i need both lines active to manage conference calls ?
are the ink colors accurate or are the slightly off color ?
can i use two bases with the same 2 lines ?
what kind of port does this phone have for a headset ; rj12 rj9 rj11 ( like for the handset ) or 3.5mm or 2.5mm jack ?
does printer print in b & w when out of color ink ? i am interested in buying this printer , but need to know if it will still print when out of a color ink ? will it still print in b
use on fabric ?
are these 1096 transmittal forms still 2013 ?
what is the standard paper thickness this card will cut ? will it do 100lb card stock ?
i have a c7280 . when i check the menus will the menus show a valid experation date for the cartidges ?
is this for 2014 ?
i am trying to use this on a epson artisan 50 and it keeps on printing on the cards like its a cd dvd instead in a card format ! how to change this ?
how easy or difficult is the setup ?
does it have a memory to store phone numbers and scroll them and the press talk to call ?
can you do books ?
is the paper inside lined ?
does this phone have a glossy finish ?
is it compatible with a nortel networks phone model m3903 ?
will these staples fit swingline # 101 tacker staple gun ?
is the epson perfection v330 photo scanner ( this scanner ) compatible with mac osx 5.8 ? if not , which one is ?
how many inches from the front to the riser bar ?
i am buying it mostly for my business receipts , . do i need to scan or can i feed small items like cash register receipts ?
i have purchased this unit from you and the little tray fell out of it and cracked , do you have replacement trays ?
how much length is needed on the back of the desk to install this mount ?
is this product mac ios compatible
are there drivers support for windows 7 ?
our badges use rfid chips , where we hold the badge in front of a sensor to open doors , elevators , etc . does that work with this badge protector ?
can this be attched under a counter top work station ?
what colors are the 7 inks ?
what is the overall height ?
what is the size of the stamp impression ?
what is the quality of the scanning feature ?
can you plug a usb in this printer or can you put a memory card from your camera in the printer ?
what is the weight capacity ?
what physical constants ?
are there models available for left-handed users ?
once i have entered phone numbers in the master handset , how can i `` transfer '' or `` sync '' that phone number list to the other handsets ?
does this phone have a jack that you can plug a headset into ?
do you have the ability to focus your slides or it a fixed focus ?
will this support the razer blade pro
any one have trouble getting their pc and scanner to communicate ?
can you `` unstaple '' the pages without tearing the paper ?
can this stand tilt so that the monitor is 90 degrees for a person who is lying flat ?
does the 2270 print in color ?
can this phone mount to the wall ?
can it scan 35mm negatives ( either in strips or individuals ) and if it can , is speed comparable to scanning slides ?
can this printer hook up to a xl ? also does it take ink cartgrides of 61 ?
will this scratch or indent the formica cabinet surface it is placed on ?
i bought this because old 2050 broke and had some almost new 61 cartridges i wanted to use in it . however , this one requires 122 cartridges . why ?
how many inches forward from the mounting pole could this arm hold two 24 '' monitors ?
can you scan two-sided documents in one pass , or do you need to turn the paper over and feed it through again ?
what are the dimensions of the planner ?
looking for white magnet to cover my husbands company name on his work car . will only be used while parked , would this item work ?
would it hold sharpie pens ?
what can you attach to if have bulkhead seat , or exit row ( tray table in armrest ) ?
how high are the handles ?
does this handle generic cartridges well ?
what size is this phone
what is the width of the wider door ?
will this printer allow me to print with the latest ipad with retina display ?
is it the best color printer on the market ?
can i use these checks on an ink jet printer ?
will this work in tandem with a polycom 300 ? there are times i need to pick up a handset . ip phone service .
what is the expiration date on these ?
how well are the pages held back when the stand is in the most upright position ?
how do i check my ink levels
are you able to print on vinyl and heavy weight card stock ?
are these empty or full cartridges ?
can the 10 ink work in the c315 printer ? ( normally it takes 30 series ink ) ?
wil the printer work with windows 8 ?
does the paper feed in from the front or the rear ? and does the software launch automatically when the scanner detects paper insert to be scanned ?
can anyone tell me if this printer is compatible with windows 8 ? i have found that there are alot of printers that are not . : - (
does the control panel tilt for easier viewing ?
are they waterproof ?
does it scan ?
will they fit a j435w ?
is this phone model number 30524 ? if not , what is model number ?
what are the dimensions ?
can i feed photos for scanning ? how is the quality ?
i have 2.25 thermal paper . it is double , white & yellow copies . will my new xe-a407 use this type of paper ?
are these ink cartridges compatible with epson printer tx210 ?
good morning , is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint ?
how tall is this item ?
how do you get the counted coins out of the machine if you are not using their rolls ?
my computer is wireless . can i use this printer to print ?
will these tags work through a case specifically a spigen slim armour for a nexus 5 ?
are there any sharp edges near the rim , and does the lid securely snap on ?
will this hold 20 skinny markers ?
i 'm confused about quantity , so you mean it includes 4 blk , 4 magenta , 4 yellow , 4 cyan so total toners are 16 , are n't they ?
is there a plug-in for headset so you can talk without phone to eat ?
how many journals do you get for $ 7.49 . one or three as pictured ?
provide sizes please ?
it the outside plastic or cloth ?
what metal is this product made from ? aluminum ? steel ? tin ?
is there a wall barcket for this handset
about how big are the labels ? they seem a little small ?
do you think this would be sturdy enough to hold thick college text books ?
how many does it come with ?
can i plug my cannon sx510 directly into this to print ?
will this laminator accept card stock ?
how to print from my ipad 2 ?
can i view the scanned images by connecting the scanner to a pc via usb ? or i have to take out the cd card and insert it into the computer ?
would this be suitable for painting circles on wood ?
how well does it work with envelopes ?
this is the 273-i double bk black cartridge ? or the single 273 pbk black cartridge ?
has anyone noticed that this item is a 3-pack of ink cartridges , but the item description is for samsung ativ smart pc 500t ?
does the unit have wifi capability ?
would it be crowded tight if a 13 ' macbook was on it ?
can you scan stored slides onto a jump drive instead of a card ?
can the be wall mounted ?
how thick is the spine ?
when the ink runs out , can i refill the resevoir ? do i replace that one ? do i have to buy the whole system again ?
approximately how many pages will this print ?
does the ink need to be replaced in this labeler ?
does it have a scanner ?
why is the white model so much cheaper ? is it the same thing or there is something different ?
what is the height when fully extended ?
what sizes of paper will it take ?
is it compatible windows 8
what file types can it transfer to the pc ? would it be possible to convert them to text ? how ?
windows 8 compatible ?
what 's the end date on these ?
does plustek 8100i scan negatives larger than 35mm ?
do these sets all come with awall mounting bracket ?
i 'm new at this . when fine art work is scanned , is color true enough to be converted to jpeg tiff without color correcton or photoshop ?
does this version have room for three years ' worth of entries ?
wondering if the bag is long enough ?
how far apart are the outside of the legs ?
would these be visible on black card stock ?
does this heavy duty cylinder only fit into other `` heavy duty big & tall '' chairs , or is this made to replace the standard ( up to 250 lb ) cylinders ?
will these protect my debit card and my credit card
i have a canon pixma ip7220 . do these work with that ?
i need a 2014 refill -- must know if the stock item is in fact a 2014 refill ?
is this a 2014 calendar ?
is it standable ?
is cork board durable ? if not why not ?
does it work wirelessly
how is the scanning ?
are these waterproof ?
what is the shelf life of the cartridge before it has to be used ?
will the keyboard scratch the screen when closed
could you use this machine with a uk ( british ) plug adaptor ? if so , what 's the max min voltage current requirement ?
will these cartridges fit work with an mfc-j875dw ?
would day runner 2014 poetica weekly and monthly planner refill , 3.75 x 6.75 inches fit this planner ?
what is the footprint
how many calls can be blocked
what size sheets can be scanned ?
i would like to order.. but i need to know if the items are high yield ? nothing is listed in the description ? but it shows high yield on the box ?
says it auto prints two sided , but can you easily set it to print one sided ?
i have a square stand and ipad . do i need to get a printer in order for the cash drawer to automatically open ?
how is the sound quality on the handset and the base . is it loud and clear .
will it shred cardboard ?
would a regular usb cord work with this printer ? and what brand and number ink cartridges should i get for the printer ?
when it scans the two pages of an open book , does the software convert that to two pdf pages , or are you stuck with one wide pdf page ?
does it come with all requisite cables and cords ?
does this printer have a sd memory card slot ? i need to be able to print using a sd card ?
does this form work with office ally ?
i need a stamp to use with my signature plus my id of 11 numbers all to fit in a space of length 2 1 2 inches by height 1 2 inch . would this work ?
does the phone have unique ringtones for each directory listing ?
why wo n't this printer take 110 lb card stock if it is advertised it will ? does hp need to revise the paper grabbing wheels ?
will the printer autoselect the paper size between the trays ?
