is this ink still in date ? will it work in an hp inkjet 500 ?
is the calculator purple ?
what are the expiration dates of either epson t007 or t009 cartridges ( oem only ) ?
does it work only with transparencies or also with normal book pages ?
is it easy to use ?
is this an 11x17 printer ?
are these archival safe for scrapbooking ?
do these labels print skus barcodes ?
hey that work with windows 7 ?
what grade paper do you have to use ?
will an ipad mini fit inside it ?
can you stand this up and have the files work horizontally ?
i have hp ink jet printer when i feed the first page through it comes out blank and i have to re-feed in order for it to print , any ideas why ?
is there a backing paper in each protector ?
how many sets in a box ?
will they fit pendaflex 's letter and legal size hanging folders ?
is this a 5in binder ?
is this printer wireless
what 's the actual length of the 48 '' grip-a-strip ( from one end of black cap to the other ) ? i have the 12 '' version , and it measures 13 '' . i did n't know if all versions are just an extra 1 '' in length . what 's the actual length of the 48 '' grip-a-strip ( from one end of black cap to the other ) ? i have the 12 '' version , and it measures 13 '' . i did n't know if all versions are ... » read more what 's the actual length of the 48 '' grip-a-strip ( from one end of black cap to the other ) ? i have the 12 '' version , and it measures 13 '' . i did n't know if all versions are just an extra 1 '' in length . « show less
is this effective on carpet ?
does this phone have fax capability , a fax port ?
does it have `` end of roll '' markings on the paper to warn you when the roll is almost out of paper ?
will it come with usb ? can i use usb ?
does the second basket hold enough so a frail elderly woman wo n't have to bend too far ?
i just purchased this calculator for and want to know if it 's black or yellow ?
what is the ren number of this phone ?
could i use this adhesive for face mounting ?
does the hp 10bii+ financial calculator come with a user 's guide ?
does this product covers international warranty ?
why did my pen begin skipping and not writing at all ? i put in a new cartridge and same thing . if nib is clogged , how do i clean it ?
does this printer have the optional network port ?
will this fit my hp laser jet 1320
does it have an envelope tray ?
dumb question : does the 4 x 6 measurement include the tabs ? i.e. , would the tab portion be higher than a 4x6 photo or index card ?
what is the width of the plastic frame ?
is there any way to print wirelessly ?
will the signal go thru the wall if the reciver is in the attic and mouse in the living room .
does it have the manual ?
which version of firmware and year of manufacture ?
is there an ongoing monthly fee to use these scanners ?
does this have an automatic ( electric ) cutter ?
i need a mat for my husband 's study . we have manufactured hardwood floors , rolling chair hard on it . if seated in his desk chair , could he roll move ?
is it good for shoe repairs ?
what is the ink cartidge does this printer use
does anyone know where these are made ?
in order to use the cordless , do you need the base ?
does this the one-battery version ?
do the wheels lock ?
installation
would this be a good size to mail dvds in cases ? how long to received in ny ?
will this sharpen eye makeup pencils that are 1 2 inch in diameter ?
does the little side table tilt too ?
programmable ?
wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it could not be used at starbucks via t-mobile ? wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it ... » read more wi-fi access for belkin `` any home , office , cafe , or municipal wireless access point that does not require browser-based authentication will do . `` does this mean that , for example , it could not be used at starbucks via t-mobile ? « show less
will this work on plastic
how well would these protect things like books ?
how are these for holding documents ?
can you scan negatives ?
if i order this item will i received universal brand pouches or will they be an equivalent made by another manufacturer ?
anyone get this to print with endicia for mac ?
my drawer is 93 8 inch deep . will this work ?
do these labels fit the vintage tupperware freezer label dispenser ?
is this new ? is it in japanese letters or english ?
does the brass peel off ?
dimensions of the platform ?
ink cartridge need a compatible version out there ? ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's from one ink cartridge . this is well above the estimate of 100 as published . i just need to figure out how to refill the ink cartridge , and soon . ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's ... » read more ink cartridge need a compatible version out there ? ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's from one ink cartridge . this is well above the estimate of 100 as published . i just need to figure out how to refill the ink cartridge , and soon .
are these full size cartridges or are they like the tester cartridges ?
how far does it drop down or lower the keyboard from the bottom of the desk ?
can this be hung on the wall ? that is , stick to the wall without the magnet ?
does this have wireless by chance ? or can i install wireless ability some how ?
does this item have a lock and key ?
does this device support voice dialing or would i have to manually select who i want to call ?
if the batteries die the calculator does not work correct so what good is the solar power
is this compatable with the canon 610 printer ?
possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present canon injet printer . with the cannon injet printer i presently have ( cannon i470d ) , if i go on a trip or otherwise do not use the printer for a few weeks ( sometimes in as little as three or four weeks ) the installed ink carttidges dry out and have to be replaced before i can print . thus , the cost is prohibitive , and i can never keep enough ink . also , the output per cartridge in the canon i470 is very low -- usually as few as 10 or 12 4x6 photographs before having to replace the cartridges . help please . will i experience these problems with the mx 700 ? possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present ... » read more possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present canon injet printer . with the cannon injet printer i presently have ( cannon i470d ) , if i go on a trip or otherwise do not use the printer for a few weeks ( sometimes in as little as three or four weeks ) the installed ink carttidges dry out and have to be replaced before i can print . thus , the cost is prohibitive , and i can never keep enough ink . also , the output per cartridge in the canon i470 is very low -- usually as few as 10 or 12 4x6 photographs before having to replace the cartridges . help please . will i experience these problems with the mx 700 ? « show less
does it have call waiting ability ?
does it uses a simple 110vac wire cord or an external voltage adapter ( wall wart ) ?
can i change `` from the library of '' to `` ex libris '' ?
can this be stuck to the wall without causing any damage to the wall itself ?
do these phones have any kind of warranty ?
how easy is it to see the time card through the smoky plastic 'window ' ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
can this handset be wall mounted ?
will this work on my kx-tg9331t ?
are they comparable to regular index cards , or thinner ?
what is the inside dimension of the product ?
exactly how do you change the leads ? do you have to take a lead out to put in the next one ?
how do you replace leads in a dr grip center of gravity pencil ?
what is the length , height , and width of two 24 inch monitors on this stand ?
what is the size
are these forms 2013 ?
will it support a 27 `` monitor safely ?
is this mountable
dimensions say 14.5 x 16.5 x 39 inches ... ... ..is the 39 inches the height of the handle ?
has anyone used this paper in a printer that does not have manual feed ?
how high can this stand go ?
how did you find the quality ?
do wet erase chalkboard markers work well on this ?
mine quit working after i emptied the chamber . i put it back , looked for a safety . it wo n't work anymore . any help ?
what are the tops actually constructed of ?
why does each bookend have a wider and thinner vertical portion ? which of them is supposed to go towards the back of the bookcase ?
is this for school to ?
what is the height on this unit ?
i have had mine for about 4 years and the underside of the glass is hazy and spotted . how do i get the glass out to clean it .
i will be labeling things with these that will be outside in the elements for 2-3 months at a time . do you think these will hold up to the elements ? if not , do you know of another brand type that would ?
would it work on old pottery porcelain ?
can i mount to a 1 4 '' tempered glass top desk ?
will the magnet be an issue if i used this for my digital reader ? will it damage my ereader ?
is this a dye or pigment based ink ?
when i hang up the phone on the cradle i have to press the off switch or it will not disconnect the call . is this right or a bad phone ?
what color is this printer stand ?
would you please tell me what the expiry date is on this product ?
is there a fisher space pen that has a twist mechanism to retract the the cartridge ?
what is the end of warranty date ?
i have many photo albums i would like to scan . has anyone used this scanner to scan thousands of 4x6 photos ?
how far from the edge of the paper can this staple ?
where do i purchase the refill leads ?
print head issues
does the battery `` run out '' after a few years ?
can you fit 8x11 '' documents in this safe without having to fold them ? what are the interior dimensions ?
does the top swivel
compatibility with netstamps aka stamps.com ? this is 6x24 per page matrix , compared to netstamps ' 5x5 or 8x3 matrices . clarify ?
is there a conversion kit available ?
is there a logo on the back of the label ?
can i use with any aplication like gotomeeting , webex , skype . is it compatibility with windows 7 , 8,8.1 ?
is there a way to set up music or a recording when placing someone on hold instead of the beep ?
does this ink work well with heat transfers and going threw the wash ?
is there a `` speaker '' phone ability on the base , do not see a button for it..
does this have caller id ?
black ink i just ordered my hp photosmart plus printer . i noticed there are two different types of black . there is the hp364 black and the hp364 photo black . do you put the photo black in when printing photos and the black in when printing text ? which one should i order ?
i work with mild steel and need a white marker . will this work for my intention ?
what software do you need for these 1096 forms - looking for a template ?
how much does this weigh without packaging ? also what are the size dimensions ?
my printer model is : hp photosmart c7280 all-in-one printer . are those inks can fit the printer ?
do these posters meet 2015 guidelines ?
does this work with epson 1400 ?
how much weight can the top shelf support ?
can you screen calls ? ( update : )
can you do books ?
what is the size of the journal ? i 'm looking for one to keep meeting minutes in . previous journals were somewhere around 8 '' wide by 15 '' high , around 200 pages per journal , lined on both sides . this is for an association which has been keeping minutes since 1901 ... what is the size of the journal ? i 'm looking for one to keep meeting minutes in . previous journals were somewhere around 8 '' wide by 15 '' high , around 200 pages per journal , lined on ... » read more what is the size of the journal ?
is this phone approximately the same weight as the standard western electric 2500 set ?
is this unlocked and sip compatible phone ?
will there fit in the swingline commercial desk stapler ?
when scanning larger images , and using stitch and scan , how visible are the overlap areas after stitching ?
can i fit it in a 15.6 '' laptop bag ?
can this machine copy old photos ?
can i scan a single film into computer & then print it with my laser printer to send copy to insurance co ?
what is the height range - can the bottom of the monitor lower to 3 inches from the desk , and elevate to 15 inches from the desk for sit to stand ?
mac compatible ?
are there drivers support for windows 7 ?
can you easily access remove the badge while still attached to lanyard hook or do you have to detach crom hook to remove put back badges ?
how high can the tray raise above the mounting
please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , or are assorted , but what it does n't tell you is that you have no chance of getting the colors as pictured . please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , ... » read more please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , or are assorted , but what it does n't tell you is that you have no chance of getting the colors as pictured . « show less
is this stand sturdy enough to hold a small home printer ?
how do you customize your stamp ? when i click to add it to cart and check out i never get asked what initials , address , or color i want ?
how can you scan several pages to be in one attachment ?
single ink vs fine ink ? this canon uses fine ink correct ? does n't that mean if one color ink rans out that would mean the user would have to buy a whole new set ? why did n't canon use the single ink system instead ? seems like they are trying to milk customers for more ink . single ink vs fine ink ? this canon uses fine ink correct ? does n't that mean if one color ink rans out that would mean the user would have to buy a whole new set ? why did n't canon use the ... » read more single ink vs fine ink ? this canon uses fine ink correct ? does n't that mean if one color ink rans out that would mean the user would have to buy a whole new set ? why did n't canon use the single ink system instead ? seems like they are trying to milk customers for more ink . « show less
the mahogany trim looks very red in the photo- is this an accurate picture ? which wood trim is darker and more brown , mahogany or cherry ?
what physical constants ?
what type of usb cord is compatable with the table
do i have to set up a phonebook on each phone ?
how long is the included cord ?
does this work with kodak slides ?
how `` grippy '' is the rubber grip surface ?
how many prints can you load at a time ?
where can i get an instruction manual for this product ?
how far does the arm extends ?
how many pages approx could i print with it ?
can this phone mount to the wall ?
is the cyber view x software installed in the powerview 5000 ?
will it work on 64 bit ?
we have a 51 '' samsung tv that has four legs like a tripod . the legs are angled and not flat . will this work with this 15 '' swivel .
when the color ink cartridge runs out will it work just w the black ink ?
how tall is this ? how tall is this product ?
is the capability of the doxie go able to scan both side on 1 sheet of paper ?
does it begin with january 2014 and end in december 2014 ?
is it dry erase friendly
what is the size when it is full ? want to see how much luggage space it will take up
wo n't this shake and disturb the person sitting in front of you unless you keep your feet very still ?
what is the size of this item ?
what kind of usb connector does the printer have ( i.e . : standard , mini , micro . etc . ) ?
how do i hang this on the wall ?
do you make any of these 24 '' deep ?
where can i find a trouble-shooting guide ?
i have a kodak hero 3.1 ca n't print black , only color . can it be repaired or junked ?
what about the paper quality thickness ?
is this phone an unlocked phone to be used with any provider ?
$ 25.99 & free shipping for 1 set ( 8 pieces ) of the epson 159 inks ?
would this hold a 2700 page pharmacotherapy text book with the base being able to support the book .
what address upc label software for pcs does this use ? does it print labels well ?
what is maximum size paper ?
how many cartridges in value pak ?
how can i get to use more then half the ink before it shut done replacing ink cartrige less then 100 pages
i regularly have to print in a4 and letter . does the printer automatically detect the size of the document , or do you have to adjust the settings ?
can you scan multiple documents into one file with the included software ?
free efax with hp7510 just set up the new hp7510 printer and it prints great . now i am trying to set up efax . i went to efax.com and the only efax available is paid . how do we set up a free efax account ? free efax with hp7510 just set up the new hp7510 printer and it prints great . now i am trying to set up efax . i went to efax.com and the only efax available is paid . how do we set up a free ... » read more free efax with hp7510 just set up the new hp7510 printer and it prints great . now i am trying to set up efax . i went to efax.com and the only efax available is paid . how do we set up a free efax account ? « show less
does the control panel tilt for easier viewing ?
are the crack and peel backs scored for easy peeling ?
how do you defeat the false `` toner low '' message ?
will these cartridges fit brothers mfc-j835dw
is this phone model number 30524 ? if not , what is model number ?
what are the dimensions of the top right shelf , will it hold a printer ?
does the included software scan business cards and create microsoft outlook contacts and populate fields like name , address , e-mail address , etc ?
will this do that ? or is the data erased after printing ?
are these ink cartridges compatible with epson printer tx210 ?
good morning , is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint ?
is this item on wheels ?
why when i turn the handle no coins are going in to the slots
is printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
will these tags work through a case specifically a spigen slim armour for a nexus 5 ?
how many quarts is this ?
does it have compartments ?
i 'm confused about quantity , so you mean it includes 4 blk , 4 magenta , 4 yellow , 4 cyan so total toners are 16 , are n't they ?
we have a long ranch style house . what is the range on the cordless handsets when using indoors ?
what size are tyhey , and how many do you get ?
how 's the noise level ?
it the outside plastic or cloth ?
is the is the entire base metal , including where the wheels insert ?
what 's the distance of operation
about how big are the labels ? they seem a little small ?
does the product come with the mouse stand ? what do you mean by stating does not include wizard desk stand ?
is there supposed to be more than one sheet ?
can i print directly from my sony x6000 camera if i connect it with usb ?
will it laminate 11x17 photo paper ?
do i have to install to a computer just to use with my i pad ?
is it a self feeding scaner or do i have to glide the wand for it to scan
is this standard or metric ?
does the printer do multi page scanning ?
how many pages will it print ?
has anyone noticed that this item is a 3-pack of ink cartridges , but the item description is for samsung ativ smart pc 500t ?
will it print on plain paper or does it require laser-quality paper ?
what are the dimensions of this ?
does it scan 12mm negative film ?
someone said the screen is not back lighted when it clearly is in the picture . is it back lighted ?
how far apart are the rings ?
how do you reset the cartriges ?
myth # 1 : remanufactured cartridges always save you money ? is this hp propaganda ? in fact , a full 22 % have a cartridge fail , leak or run out of toner prematurely [ 3 ] . by contrast , during qualitylogic testing , the original hp laserjet toner cartridges worked every time [ 4 ] . `` does anyone have actual experience with printing out 500 copies on 1 cartridge as spec'ed ? myth # 1 : remanufactured cartridges always save you money ? is this hp propaganda ? http : h30458.www3.hp.com us us smb the-truth-about-remanufactured-toner_1234766.html '' the high ... » read more myth # 1 : remanufactured cartridges always save you money ? is this hp propaganda ? in fact , a full 22 % have a cartridge fail , leak or run out of toner prematurely [ 3 ] . by contrast , during qualitylogic testing , the original hp laserjet toner cartridges worked every time [ 4 ] . `` does anyone have actual experience with printing out 500 copies on 1 cartridge as spec'ed ? « show less
does the ink need to be replaced in this labeler ?
does this printer come with big starter cartridges 3000 pages black and 2500 pages cym color like the tech spec says ? or 700 page ink like my old hp ?
does this reduce copies ?
can i use it as a writing platform over my desk at work to decrease tension on my neck ?
does this unit come with the stapler ?
exactly how many ink cartridges does it use ?
what file types can it transfer to the pc ? would it be possible to convert them to text ? how ?
is ink included when you order this ?
from which date do these pages begin ?
what input voltage does the power supply allow ? also 220v 50hz ? it is external so it could be exchanged ?
does caller id show up while on a call ?
is color correction needed for paintings scanned ?
does this version have room for three years ' worth of entries ?
100 packs 4 '' x5.5 '' self-seal clear bubble out pouches bags 3 16 '' bubble wrap 4x5.5 ... how many bags in this order ?
i know the legs adjulst but does the laptop holder adusts as well and how many degrees ?
does this set come with a stand or storage case ?
will this fit a staples bosworth big & tall managers chair ?
has anyone officially tested these ?
my pixma mg5520 came with ink : 251m , bk , y , c and 250pgbk . are the 250 and 251 ink the same or must i buy the same mix ? will the pictured ink4work 5 pack work for my printer ?
i need a 2014 refill -- must know if the stock item is in fact a 2014 refill ?
is cover non-flexible , or is it like a hard backed book ?
are the days of the week on each month of this calendar ?
can i hang this bulletin board in a different orientation than the photo ?
will this work with quickbooks checks and windows 7 ?
will the mfc-9340cdw work with no telephone line connected ?
are these still water resistant when used with an inkjet printer ?
is it compatibility for canon mf4800 ?
is this compatible with the samsung galaxy 3 8 '' tablet ?
does the ribbon come in different widths ?
can rhe individual cartridges be used separately as the old ones run out ?
would this fit a refill size of 4.25 x 6.75 inches ?
are copies held in a stack as they come out , or do they drop onto the desk ?
can i buy another handset for this phone ?
can i use this without a computer when traveling and plug it into a computer when i return to transfer the images ?
why would you buy this ? the cost of a new printer ( with cartriges ) is $ 299 . some one explain the math to me . i am baffled .
if the machine is out of ink will the scan option still work ?
do i need a cable to connect this to the square register stand or do i only need a cable to connect to the printer ?
is there a pocket clip for the handset ?
will this shredder take care of stickers ? you know , the kind that charities send you to encourage a contribution ?
fax ?
what power source does it use ? i may need to use it overseas ( 220v ) . is the power unit built-in or a separate multi-voltage `` brick '' ?
does this scanner ( fi-7160 ) work with fujitsu 's scansnap software ?
but must verify . can it print via non wireless direct to computer connection ?
does each form have printing on both sides ?
i am trying to find a basic extra bold typed named stamp , one line only , for a dev disabled , legally blind adult to use as her name stamp . which one ?
is it possible to plug a headset into the phone ?
does the office jet pro 8620 have excellent photo quality printing ? can i print photographs directly from my digital camera ? will the photographs look as good as the local photo shop or drug store ?
has anyone else had a problem with the black print being too light ?
