who 's getting expired ink ?
does it have a connector in the top for connection to ti-presenter ?
is this genuine epson ink ?
is it possible to enlargen & make objects designs with the projector ? i do crafts and the size is n't allways the same ?
if i had to replace the battery , what is the battery called ?
can it print color ?
are they water proof ? does the ink run when wet ? would it make a good label on a water bottle or beer bottle ?
are these labels too small to use for amazon fba product labels ?
will this work with windows xp
what grade paper do you have to use ?
how many rings are there ?
is this good to hold makeup pallets ?
what 's the weight of these cardstock ?
do you think it will protect a thin single paper ?
for 5 dividers set , how many sets are in the oxford manila tab dividers , blank , write on - 5 tab ( m1158 ) ( office product ) ?
does anyone know how to attach these to a hanging folder ?
is this the compact size ?
does this printer have a tractor feed supplied with it ? is it adjustable to different widths , such as for narrow badges ?
can you release or add one paper when there are other papers already inserted ? do they release and hang efficiently if they differ in thickness ?
should this be fixed with screws or is it adhesive ?
when a caller is placed on hold , do they hear silence or music ?
what is the outside diameter ?
does it come with keys ?
i am trying to look for the best walking cart , would this shopping cart be good to walk a long distance with on slightly ruff roads ?
can this be used for algebra through calculus in high school ?
is this made of plastic or metal ?
is this archival ?
what are the physical dimensions of hp 10bll ?
can it scan tabloid ?
what color is the nib ?
does this printer have the optional network port ?
i need one , can u tell be the `` use before '' date ?
what kind of a plug in does it require the one i have did not come with one
are these cards acid free ?
my file drawers are 12 1 4 '' wide and 9 3 8 '' deep . will this frame work ?
quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a presentable prints . do any of you who have used this product think this will suffice my intended usage ? quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a ... » read more quality of the print i am shopping for an affordable high quality printer that i can use to print out resume and cover letters for job applications . i need a machine that will deliever a presentable prints . do any of you who have used this product think this will suffice my intended usage ? « show less
does this work with most mac pc systems in 2014 ?
does it have the manual ?
can a telephone on this system be programmed to dial only specific phone numbers ?
does this system work with mac ?
will this model print bar code labels if using a program on your computer ?
do they have straight edge or beveled edge ? what is waite time for mats says 1 left ?
is this glue the same as coupons sent in the mail , which the glue can be removed by simply rolling it off ?
can i use printer from ipad ? do n't have computer
what shapes are included ?
does the tg4500b have a night mode ?
does this one have a black keyboard background or a silver one on what is delivered by amazon ?
what is the height from the floor to the bottom of the file section .
is there room to add a label anywhere ?
just confirming 100 come in a case ?
i have a 1 centimeter diameter pencil - is the hole on this sharpener large enough ?
are you happy with the build quality and sturdiness of the product ?
how do you setup the connectivity software
question about use ? i am going to be studying abroad in spain next year and would like a cheap and affordable way to speak to my friends and family back home . a skype phone sounds like a great option so that i can sit in a cafe or other hotspot and chat away . however , i have recently read that many of these phones do not work on public wireless networks such those found in a cafe because of something called `` browser authentification ? '' does anyone know if this one will have the option to talk in public wifi zones ? i do not know much about this ... . but do you think this would be a good option for me ?
can this be used to repair a crack in a fiberglass shower stall floor ?
what is the weight per bag ?
how many bags per order ? $ 14.09 ?
can you scan slides
i 'd like to use these pouches as large nametags . can theybe punched so a nametag clip can be used ? if not , do you sell punched 4x6 pouches ?
can i use this to print over regular labels or need to be thermal paper label ?
will the frame fit a drawer that is 13 inches wide ?
how many in box
does it come with a manual explaining how to program it ?
are there cordless french phones
what size of platform ?
i have a dymo and it does not work with windows 7 it needs 32 bits how do i get it working ?
do these work with the 440-cn ?
would like to use this as a `` laptop tray '' to put laptop at comfortable level . need about 10-12 inches of clear depth for laptop . does shelf do that ?
does this board have a hook so that i may hang it up with command strips ?
will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it worked for you ? does anyone know why hp says that the two are not compatible ? ( besides profit maximization , presumably ! ) will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it ... » read more will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it worked for you ? does anyone know why hp says that the two are not compatible ? ( besides profit maximization , presumably ! ) « show less
can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ? sparco money tray , with locking cover , 16 x 11 x 2-1 4 inches , black ( spr15505 ) can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ? sparco money tray , with locking cover , 16 x 11 x 2-1 4 inches , black ... » read more can you say if this cash draw can fit this other replacement draw it in ?
what else does this come with ? charger ? or case for sun visor ?
does the calculator have a cover to it ?
is this genuine canon brand ?
ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go anywhere ? ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go ... » read more ink for canon printer mx700 does anyone know why in a pack of canon ink # 8 there are the three color inks and a # 5 black , which all fit in mx700 printer , but also a # 8 black that does n't go anywhere ? « show less
speed dial and memory
is the power supply internal or external - i want to see about operating in 220vac - if you know the input voltage ( e.g . 20vdc at 1.6 amp ) lmk ! thnx !
can i order additional plates , or just one per embosser ?
can this be stuck to the wall without causing any damage to the wall itself ?
i do not have a phone line , can this speaker work over wifi or internet ? does it meet to be connected to my macbook and how ?
will this time clock track 24 hour shifts ?
is this bluetooth ? will it work with my android galaxy note 2 phone ? will it work with the scanpower softward ?
can you set it to forward calls ?
i have a base kx-tg9331t with handsets kx-tga931t , will this work with the base i have ?
are these specially coated for use only with inkjet printers ?
are the sorter & accessory tray attached , or can they be moved removed ?
0.7mm
is this a shaky pencil ( when you shake it does the lead come out ) ?
what is the height of the vertical bar from the bottom of the stand ?
can you replace pages ?
are these 2013 forms ?
can you remove the back lip ?
is this weather resistant
how heavy is the crate ?
can i print them in an inkjet printer ?
does this table have ( 2 ) hand screws for adjusting the height as shown in the photo ?
how many folders do you get ?
is this board magnetic as well ?
is it 220 volt capable for use outside the u.s. ?
has anyone used it comfortably while standing for an extended period of time ?
is it a pair of bookends or a single bookend ... .need to know how many to order . i want three pairs ... suggestions ?
how much can fit in each pocket ?
is it approved by apple for its use
can the cs5600f scan into a jpeg file format ?
can you string these on breyer traditionals ?
will this product hold up outside with temps up to 120 ?
if i wanted to remove one of the sets of arms and use the system for just 2 monitors would i be able to do that ?
is the tilt degree adjustable ?
how many bottles do you get in this kit
does it have a mute button on the main base phone ?
what is the height ?
what is the end of warranty date
what ink cartridge does this pen take ? does it use the # su type catridges ?
is this a genuine hp printhead replacement product
does anybody have the driver for epson perfection v30 ?
i staple all day 2 sheets of paper per staple . will this stapler handle it ?
has anyone ever tried putting regular 2mm graphite leads in place of the colors ?
i have lines but no words , on the display panel , so ca n't read instructions to re-install . support desk no help ! suggestions ?
`` i have had this phone for quite a while and now all of a sudden caller 's voice sounds echoed and like chipmunk voices . do you know why ? ''
can this safe be used with a cable to prevent it from walking away ?
what is the height of the wheels and the bar that is attached to the wheels ?
i am confused about how this works.. how do you pay for the actual value of the stamp ?
after the first cartridge , no others work . have tried cleaningthe nib with water , butto no avail . open the body and the interior is filled with ink . any help ?
what software template do you need to use these ? do they come with it ?
does it work with mac os ... does it work with iphone 5s ?
can i forward calls from this phone ?
how can use ?
is there a privacy setting so that if one person is on line 1 , someone can not accidentally pick up and listen on line 1 ?
does this phone support open vpn ?
fax
does it work on chalkboard fabric ?
is this form the 2013 version ?
can you cut different card sizes ? or just the standard 2 '' x 3-1 2 '' cards ?
are these actual original hp cartridges that have been refilled , or are they made by someone else ?
are both posters 12in x 18in ?
does this tray work with epson l800 ?
is it possible to set it up with only two shelves ?
is there an intercom system built in and , if so , how far apart has anyone used it ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
is it lined paper or graph paper ?
where is this phone made ? u.s.a ? or china ?
will this phone be a good choice for an 8-people conference table ?
are these made in america ?
what software bundle is included
will this hold a 13 '' macbook ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
can this be used with regular size # 2 film xrays ?
is it possible to just get one of the arms ?
does this export to quickbooks for payroll purposes ?
does it print in color ?
how many in the pack ?
just wondering how far out infront of the desk can the keyboard tray extend ?
are the colors i will be receiving the ones pictures .
i 'm thinking of this for my new macmini setup . is the back of the top shelf open , and what is the inside height of the open space in that top shelf ?
how long does it last ?
where can one get an operating manual for this machine ?
what is the size of the flatbed scanner ? will it accommodate legal size paper ?
what is the height of the seat from the floor.. top of the seat .
what are the dimensions ? will it fit in a shirt pocket like the orginal 506 model ?
where is this product made ?
does it have a warranty ?
does this phone have a 'hold ' button ?
how do you know when your sd is full ?
will this fit an 11-inch macbook air ?
loaded software on mac os 10.9.5. plugged it in to usb on mac . software starts and says `` scanner is not communicating with pc '' . anyone seen this ?
how do i open the lime green harinacs staple free stapler ?
how easy is it to adjust the height ?
does this toner work with a brother mfc 7840w ?
does the phone allow for voip ?
is it possible to convert 35mm slide directly to a sd card ?
is it wirelees
58 '' tv will this work with a 58 '' plasma flat screen tv ?
220v ?
can you use this arm for 2 monitors - one back against the other 's back ?
has anyone tried to ocr something like a walmart receipt ?
does it have tabs for each month ?
is the magnet strong enough to hold beer bottle caps ?
is it really easy to get dirty ?
where would you hang this footrest from ?
what are the dimensions of the cart ? ( how tall , what is the depth width ? )
does this printer have a copier feature ?
is it rotary it push button
do items stay on the door shelves as the doors are yanked open ?
is this a good printer
where is the paper feed thru ? looking for a front loading of paper . can you help ?
can i fill them out with handwriting , for example when i 'm traveling ?
does this phone have speakerphone ?
will these ink cartridges work on the epson r1900 ?
how well does it work for paperback books ?
is therre a way to print even when a non-black cartridge is empty ?
i have a problem with mine..all lights keep on blinking and i 've tried to restart the printer , in addition to installing new ink . is there a solution ?
will this work in my canon imageclass mf8580cdw ?
is this compatible with windows 8 ?
i am looking to scan double sided documents to pdf format to save in my computer ( like bank statements , etc . ) . will this take a few pages at a time ?
does the scanner have any data storage capacity ? do i need to carry my laptop to use the scanner ? does it have any battery power storage ? in other words , can i pull this from my briefcase , scan something and then go home and download it ?
anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website `` page '' may print 10 pages or so . anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website ... » read more anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website `` page '' may print 10 pages or so . « show less
can the scanner save to jpg format ?
would these be hard to remove from clothing if used as stickers ?
how does this printer do with high res photos ?
will these work with brother mfc-j5910dw printer ?
do the cordless telephones need to be pluged into a jack or just the main wired phone ?
what kind of wood is it made of , ,and the color ?
do the scanned files have the correct date ?
will this do that ? or is the data erased after printing ?
is the ink sublmation ink or pigment ink
good morning , is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint ?
what is the thickness of the wood on the sides ? is it 3 4 inch ?
i know this machine sorts but do i have to manually wrap them ?
does the scanner have a multi-page document handler ? an automatic feed for a multi page set of documents i want to scan all at once . or is this a one page at a time machine ?
are these compatible with the samsung galaxy note 3 ?
would this hold an 18x12 '' photo without bending ?
does this have compartments ( dividers ) ?
original brother toner ?
does the corded base unit have battery back-up so you do not loose everthing in a power failure ?
does the sheets have red and blue columns ? manly two columns on left , one big one in middle and two on right ( one blue and one red ) ?
how often does it have to be oiled ? what kind of oil ? easy to do ?
what are the actual dimensions ? i see 2.75 x 2.5 x 9.25 , it 's smallish ?
what is the dimensional weight of the package ?
i lost the booklet to the phone . it keeps telling me registration failed what can i do or where can i call ?
are these stickers safe to put on wood ?
what is the wizard desk stand ?
i have a 36 '' space to cover . if i order more than one board , will they fit together `` almost '' seamlessly ?
this printer is listed as protable yet it has a plug in charger does it take batteries if so what type ?
is this dual voltage , 110v - 240v ?
is this compatible with windows xp
is this scans document in pdf format & stores them as image in pdf for plain text ?
can anyone tell me what is the maximum circumference this will accommodate ?
can you scan and copy leagal size paper ?
does this fit the epson xp-600 ?
will this work with mfc j650dw ?
does it come with 2 trays or just one as pictured ?
which are the differences between brookstone ecomfort and brookstone epad ? it seems to be the very same product . is this right ? or are some differenc
are there any output format options besides jpg ?
does it have ring volume ? on off ?
can you purchase business card pages for this binder ?
will it work with firmware version wb15d3 38.38 on epson artisan 837 ?
does this work for the printer hp photosmart 5520 ?
is it still in the box ?
does this printer have the necessary apple technology to print from an ipad ?
does this printer have wireless direct technology ( creates own network ) to print from iphone ipad without an outside wi-fi connection ?
i 'm looking for a narrator 's desktop reading stand which will hold two 8 x 11 sheets of paper side by side . will this work for a 275 page manuscript ?
does this printer have an option to track jobs for each client and or user ? also , it it wireless ?
does this include ink ?
does this come with a cover and what the color of the coverï¼Ÿ
one said this machine prints in black and white also ( not just color ) .another person says it does not . who is correct ?
is the size 6 3 4 by 4 1 4 ?
film sizes ?
does this have bluetooth or a headphone jack ?
should i buy the warranty ?
what size is this in inches ?
are these case packed or loosely tossed into a box ?
is this wide enough for me to slip my laptop under ?
are these any good to use for coloring in pictures , or just for writing and sketching outlines ?
will this fit an aeron chair ?
ok guys , low tech girl here . description for 5pk vs 10pk diff . do they offer same or diff protection ?
i have an mx922 and i 'm mostly concerned about photo quality . is it the same as using canon ink ?
is this the calendar year 2014 refill ? that is what i need to order at this time .
does this calendar have a storage pocket ? if so , is it plastic or paper ?
i 'd like to post this calendar on my fridge . does it come with magnets ?
is it possible to cut the cork board to a different size or will it fall apart ? also , how thick is the cork ?
does it have an internal bluetooth which can communicate with mobile devices ?
how is the quality printing on photo paper ?
is there any software template included ? if not , what is the best way to print ?
is this just the ink -- or do these also include a new drum ? thnx !
my keyboard will no longer connect with the tablet . am i missing something , or is this keyboard faulty ?
can this kit machine take a mains adapter ( lead with plug ) power supply ?
what does `` high yield '' really mean ?
anyone purchased a hole puncher for this planner ? if so which one and where ?
will this printer take the same ink cartridges that fit the brother mfc-j6910dw ?
does 2 extenders work
can you can both sheet paper and books ?
there is another item on here that is genuine brother toner 5-pack , for less cost than this . has anyone bought that and know how they compare ? maybe that one has less and this more ? or are they exactly the same ? anyone know ?
can you copy form glass ?
this drawer comes with cable for printer ? if yes what kinda cable ?
can you connect a land line and 2 cell lines simultaneously ? if so , can can you talk simultaneously on any combination of two lines ?
how big is it ?
i followed the direction and tried several times , but why the yellow light was keeping blinking ? did i miss anything ?
how portable is this machine ?
is this scanner works on 220 volt 50hz ?
does the pixma i8720 handle card stock well ?
do you have to hand write onto these forms or is there a computer template that you can type into and then print the forms from the printer ?
we would be looking for 2 separate stamps . would you be able to separate ?
does it have a wall mount bracket ?
how often do you have to change cartridges ?
would like to know if the hp8630 uses the color ink to print black ?
