is this ink still in date ? will it work in an hp inkjet 500 ?
is the calculator purple ?
are these cartridges in mylar packing ? do you have 30 of them ?
where can i buy parts for this overhead projector ?
does it do trig
will this print on transparencies for screen printing ( heavy opaque black )
can these be ran through laser printers , or are they strictly for ink jet printers ?
do these labels print skus barcodes ?
will this printer work with windows 8.1
where can i buy a user manual for the panasonic kx-fhd331 plain paper fax ?
can you tell me if there is a space inside to hold a small calculator ?
is there an incline to the storage section ?
i have hp ink jet printer when i feed the first page through it comes out blank and i have to re-feed in order for it to print , any ideas why ?
are they top loading ?
are they 11 pt manila ?
does anyone know how to attach these to a hanging folder ?
is this the compact size ?
is this printer wireless
my rail will not hold anything . is there supposed to be something on the inside of the track to hold things ?
what is the height ?
is it hard wired and analog or a voip phone
what is ncr thermal receipt paper ? does it give a double receipt ?
dimentions ?
i want to know if the wheels and axels will hold up on rough surfaces . sidewalk cracks , paving stones , and occasionally short distances on unpaved gravel walkways . is their any warranty on the parts ?
can this be used for algebra through calculus in high school ?
length of wall cord
can this product be used to mount fabric ?
is this a better choice than the texas instruments baii plus ?
does this product covers international warranty ?
what is the yellow part that appears on the product 's picture ? is it removable ?
how many pages has it run ?
this toner is cheaper than its newer version in black box . is there any difference in quality ? will this one work just as well ?
i need a wireless printer . is this wireless ?
are these actual folders or just dividers ?
my file drawers are 12 1 4 '' wide and 9 3 8 '' deep . will this frame work ?
is there any way to print wirelessly ?
cursor control is a top concern for me . how well does it work for you ?
does it have the manual ?
how many phone stations can be plugged directly into this box ?
does this system work with mac ?
the amazon unit is listed as `` label manager 450 '' . on the dymo web site it is listed as `` label manager 450d '' . what is difference ?
what is the thickness and does it have holes and does it absorb the water ?
what is the drying time ?
why does this model ( from what i 've seen ) experience frequent carriage jam issues ?
does anyone know where these are made ?
in order to use the cordless , do you need the base ?
does this the one-battery version ?
description says `` product dimensions : 24 x 13.2 x 27.5 inches '' . which dimension is the length ?
my bars are just hollow and the screws have nothing to screw into ... am i missing something ?
can you hand write mailing addresses on the envelop itself ?
will this sharpen eye makeup pencils that are 1 2 inch in diameter ?
are you happy with the build quality and sturdiness of the product ?
i recently bought one of these , but it came without the pouch , is it normal ?
can you use two phones at once on the same skype account ? and , can you use a skype usb phone at the same time ?
could this temporarily fix a sliding glass door ?
what is the weight per bag ?
how many bags per order ? $ 14.09 ?
i have a pixma 810 and i 've used it to view slides i 'm told that it is not compatible with my newer hp computer with with windows 8.can anyone help ?
do these need to be used with a laminating machine ? or are they self-seal ?
anyone get this to print with endicia for mac ?
will the frame fit a drawer that is 13 inches wide ?
do these labels fit the vintage tupperware freezer label dispenser ?
is it better than fx 4500 pa pv ?
what does the ring sound like ?
dimensions of the platform ?
ink cartridge need a compatible version out there ? ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's from one ink cartridge . this is well above the estimate of 100 as published . i just need to figure out how to refill the ink cartridge , and soon . ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's ... » read more ink cartridge need a compatible version out there ? ( scottg ) i 'm laying down 90 % color on each disc at the best , high , gloss setting on each , and i 've been getting over 180 cd dvd 's from one ink cartridge . this is well above the estimate of 100 as published . i just need to figure out how to refill the ink cartridge , and soon .
does it work for mfc-845cw ?
i have a desk made of particle board . is there any issue mounting this in that kind of structure ?
how do set this up ?
scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that came with the printer , but where is says `` safe to file '' they do n't have pdf option for some reasons . according to manual , it should be there , but it 's not.. does anyone have the same problem ? what is your experience with scanning to pdf with this machine ? scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that ... » read more scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that came with the printer , but where is says `` safe to file '' they do n't have pdf option for some reasons . according to manual , it should be there , but it 's not.. does anyone have the same problem ? what is your experience with scanning to pdf with this machine ? « show less
does this item have a lock and key ?
how can you place calls ?
when the results are 5.50 , will the calculator display this or 5.5 ?
is this compatable with the canon 610 printer ?
possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present canon injet printer . with the cannon injet printer i presently have ( cannon i470d ) , if i go on a trip or otherwise do not use the printer for a few weeks ( sometimes in as little as three or four weeks ) the installed ink carttidges dry out and have to be replaced before i can print . thus , the cost is prohibitive , and i can never keep enough ink . also , the output per cartridge in the canon i470 is very low -- usually as few as 10 or 12 4x6 photographs before having to replace the cartridges . help please . will i experience these problems with the mx 700 ? possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present ... » read more possible canon mx 700 ink cartridge drying out i am considering a cannon mx 700 all-in-one . i am concerned with early ink cartitdge dryout and excessive consumption of ink based on my present canon injet printer . with the cannon injet printer i presently have ( cannon i470d ) , if i go on a trip or otherwise do not use the printer for a few weeks ( sometimes in as little as three or four weeks ) the installed ink carttidges dry out and have to be replaced before i can print . thus , the cost is prohibitive , and i can never keep enough ink . also , the output per cartridge in the canon i470 is very low -- usually as few as 10 or 12 4x6 photographs before having to replace the cartridges . help please . will i experience these problems with the mx 700 ? « show less
is it wall mountable ?
is the power supply internal or external - i want to see about operating in 220vac - if you know the input voltage ( e.g . 20vdc at 1.6 amp ) lmk ! thnx !
could i put my company name and info instead of library of ?
is this an actual board or is it just a dry erase paper ?
is it eligible for smartnet coverage ?
will this time clock track 24 hour shifts ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
can this handset be wall mounted ?
are the handset keys backlit ?
are they comparable to regular index cards , or thinner ?
the picture shows the laptop resting or hooked to something putting it at an angle . does this come with the stand ?
0.7mm
how do you add more lead ?
can the monitor arms be mounted at different heights on the pole to adjust height between two different monitors ?
want to know the sizethe size of the book ?
are these 2013 forms ?
what is the height underneath the shelf and what is the length between the feet ?
is this weather resistant
how heavy is the crate ?
has anyone used this paper in a printer that does not have manual feed ?
how high , in inches , is the base with wheels ?
how many are in a box ?
can you use liquid chalk with this board ?
how many blades does it have , one or two ?
can this table be used as a sliding table under a recliner to use as a laptop table ? my father-in-law sits and reclines on his chair most of the time due to health issues . i bought a laptop for him to keep him interactive with it instead of watching tv all the time , he has a bulky computer which was not easy , or possible , to use when he is on the recliner . he does n't have to be reclining on the chair all the time but he likes and should have his legs raised on the recliner feet section , as much as possible ; his back does not have to be reclined all the time but he likes to be in that position a lot and he uses it when he is watching tv . he 's been sleeping on the recliner because he has to keep his back raised and does not want to have a bed that would raise his back as it would make it difficult for him to get up from bed . i bought him a recliner with a special control that allows him to get up from the recliner on his own . from what i 've read , he should be able to use this table from either side of the recliner .
i wonder about using the strong ( ? '' 10 '' ? book ends as strength for building a bookcase using old enc . brit . set . current bookends wobbly bendable ?
is this for school to ?
what is the height on this unit ?
can the cs5600f scan into a jpeg file format ?
how long is the string ?
would it work on old pottery porcelain ?
how much tilt does this allow for the monitors ?
could you write on this as well as read ?
how many bottles do you get in this kit
will this work with the kx-td7896 base unit ?
do the casters lock ?
would you please tell me what the expiry date is on this product ?
is there a fisher space pen that has a twist mechanism to retract the the cartridge ?
are they hard to install ?
i have many photo albums i would like to scan . has anyone used this scanner to scan thousands of 4x6 photos ?
does it use regular staples ?
what colors do they have .
how does wireless scanning work ? i 'm thinking of getting this printer for wireless printing and scanning to any of my 3 computers ( 2 macs and 1 pc ) . i currently have a 4 year old hp usb printer hooked up to an airport express for wireless printing . with that setup i can print wirelessly but i ca n't scan without going usb to a computer.can this printer scan wirelessly ? if it can , will the scan only show up on one of the computers ( i 'm guessing one i setup as main ) or any of the three connected or all three ? how would this be managed ?
why sound echo
where is the ul number on my sentrysafe ?
does the top swivel
what is the size for one label ?
i would like to purchase a spare ink converter . which waterman ink converter should i buy for this pen ?
is there a name on the back of these labels
can you use it in the car ?
is there a way to set up music or a recording when placing someone on hold instead of the beep ?
will this ink work with the epson wf2540 printer ?
does it have a speaker phone on base ?
does yealink sip-t22p come with a power supply ?
black ink i just ordered my hp photosmart plus printer . i noticed there are two different types of black . there is the hp364 black and the hp364 photo black . do you put the photo black in when printing photos and the black in when printing text ? which one should i order ?
does it work on chalkboard fabric ?
are these 1096 transmittal forms still 2013 ?
i need help finding a template to use with this cutter . help
my printer model is : hp photosmart c7280 all-in-one printer . are those inks can fit the printer ?
is this for 2014 ?
does this tray work with epson l800 ?
is it possible to assemble this without the middle shelf ?
does it have an audible message alert ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
is it refillable ?
does this phone have a glossy finish ?
so i understand the power supply not included , but it can be connected to a power supply if necessary , correct ?
will there fit in the swingline commercial desk stapler ?
i need a scanner to take to the library and use with my macbook pro . is this portable ? if not the best , any recommendations ?
can i fit it in a 15.6 '' laptop bag ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
i have purchased this unit from you and the little tray fell out of it and cracked , do you have replacement trays ?
how much length is needed on the back of the desk to install this mount ?
is this product mac ios compatible
can it print envelopes ? can envelopes be fed individually ?
is this hard plastic or a plastic sleeve ?
how low can this tray drop from the top of the mount bottom of table ?
what colors are the 7 inks ?
what is the overall height ?
what is the size of the stamp impression ?
what is the quality of the scanning feature ?
i bought this printer from someone and do not have the cd that was supposed to go with it . how can i install the printer since i do n't have the cd ?
the mahogany trim looks very red in the photo- is this an accurate picture ? which wood trim is darker and more brown , mahogany or cherry ?
is this lcd screen as sharp and crisp as in a typical casio scientific calculator ?
what type of usb cord is compatable with the table
once i have entered phone numbers in the master handset , how can i `` transfer '' or `` sync '' that phone number list to the other handsets ?
does this phone have a jack that you can plug a headset into ?
is there a trick to get this thing to power on ? or is it just my bad luck that the scanner was delivered doa ?
will this fit and be comfortable for my 17-inch macbook pro ?
loaded software on mac os 10.9.5. plugged it in to usb on mac . software starts and says `` scanner is not communicating with pc '' . anyone seen this ?
can you `` unstaple '' the pages without tearing the paper ?
how easy is it to adjust the height ?
how many pages approx could i print with it ?
does this phone system have the capability of blocking certain numbers or area codes ?
can it scan 35mm negatives ( either in strips or individuals ) and if it can , is speed comparable to scanning slides ?
will it work on 64 bit ?
i have a 32 inch flat screen tv . the tv stand is 14-16 '' . which size swival base do you recommend , the 10 '' or 12.8 '' swival base ?
does it has the feature to place a big document and scann all of the pages it self ?
can you use this arm for 2 monitors - one back against the other 's back ?
can you scan two-sided documents in one pass , or do you need to turn the paper over and feed it through again ?
does it begin with january 2014 and end in december 2014 ?
looking for white magnet to cover my husbands company name on his work car . will only be used while parked , would this item work ?
is it really easy to get dirty ?
how much does it weigh ?
how high are the handles ?
is there a warning or some way to tell before it runs out of toner ?
how do i hang this on the wall ?
what is the width of the wider door ?
will this printer allow me to print with the latest ipad with retina display ?
is it the best color printer on the market ?
what about the paper quality thickness ?
will this phone work with ring central system ?
what is the expiration date on these ?
what is the biggest text that can be held by the stand ?
i keep getting blue lines all over my prints . i opened the lid took out all cartages and everything looks clean , even the foam pad . any ideas , help ?
will the 4020 run under win 8.1 ?
how many cartridges contains this value pack ?
can the 10 ink work in the c315 printer ? ( normally it takes 30 series ink ) ?
i regularly have to print in a4 and letter . does the printer automatically detect the size of the document , or do you have to adjust the settings ?
does the paper feed in from the front or the rear ? and does the software launch automatically when the scanner detects paper insert to be scanned ?
anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website `` page '' may print 10 pages or so . anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website ... » read more anyone care to weigh in on ink costs ? pc world did some math on predicted ink costs and came up with 15 cents per page . this seems high , actually , considering that a typical website `` page '' may print 10 pages or so . « show less
can this do 2-sided scanning ?
would these be hard to remove from clothing if used as stickers ?
how does this printer do with high res photos ?
itsposible buy justmagenta and yellow ? thans
does this phone have talking caller i.d ?
what are the dimensions ?
can i feed photos for scanning ? how is the quality ?
i have 2.25 thermal paper . it is double , white & yellow copies . will my new xe-a407 use this type of paper ?
i am confused as to how this process works.do i add to my empty epson cart or do i have to also buy a special cartridge ? wf 3520
is it a 110 or 240 volts printer ?
how tall is this item ?
how do you get the counted coins out of the machine if you are not using their rolls ?
my computer is wireless . can i use this printer to print ?
are these compatible with samsung galaxy note 2 ?
do letter-sized hanging files actually hang from something ?
does it have compartments ?
are these cartridges sealed in the original packaging ?
how many numbers can be programmed into the phone book ?
how many journals do you get for $ 7.49 . one or three as pictured ?
how often does it have to be oiled ? what kind of oil ? easy to do ?
will letter sized file folders fit in the pockets ?
what metal is this product made from ? aluminum ? steel ? tin ?
what batteries does this use
how many labels come for each room ? are they pre printed , or blank ?
does the product come with the mouse stand ? what do you mean by stating does not include wizard desk stand ?
how many does it come with ?
can i plug my cannon sx510 directly into this to print ?
is this dual voltage , 110v - 240v ?
what is the size of the paper feeder
i read 2 items i do n't understand.the dock will not take an 81 2 x 11 sheet of paper ? you ca n't use the dock unless you have it hooked to a computer ?
is this standard or metric ?
is there a way around this ?
does this fit the epson xp-600 ?
i assume this is improperly labeled ? on amazon this is listed as lc1053 , but the picture says lc105m . does this ever worry anyone else ?
does the unit have wifi capability ?
what are the dimensions of this ?
are there any output format options besides jpg ?
static with this phone . unable to hear incoming callers . any suggestions ?
can filler sheets be bought for this binder ?
when the ink runs out , can i refill the resevoir ? do i replace that one ? do i have to buy the whole system again ?
approximately how many pages will this print ?
has anyone had success with a non-brother adapter ?
does this printer have the necessary apple technology to print from an ipad ?
why is the white model so much cheaper ? is it the same thing or there is something different ?
what is the height when fully extended ?
what sizes of paper will it take ?
how do replace cartridge ink
does this device support english ?
does any usb cord work to connect this printer to computer ?
what 's the end date on these ?
does plustek 8100i scan negatives larger than 35mm ?
do these sets all come with awall mounting bracket ?
i 'm new at this . when fine art work is scanned , is color true enough to be converted to jpeg tiff without color correcton or photoshop ?
what year is the calendar planner for ?
100 packs 4 '' x5.5 '' self-seal clear bubble out pouches bags 3 16 '' bubble wrap 4x5.5 ... how many bags in this order ?
is this able to hold a lcd monitor ?
would these be visible on black card stock ?
what is weight limit ?
what about passport books ?
i have a canon pixma ip7220 . do these work with that ?
2014 ?
doe this have monthly and weekly breakdowns ?
are the days of the week on each month of this calendar ?
are the existing measurement 100 % true ?
does it work wirelessly
does this printer have a manual feed drawer for custom sized paper ?
how do they hold up on ice ? do the labels stay on pretty well without getting soggy ?
is this compatible with canon mf8280
will the keyboard scratch the screen when closed
could you use this machine with a uk ( british ) plug adaptor ? if so , what 's the max min voltage current requirement ?
are these cartridges compatible with mfc-j470dw ?
would day runner 2014 poetica weekly and monthly planner refill , 3.75 x 6.75 inches fit this planner ?
how is it for scanning photos ? will it accept a stack of photos and scan them as individual pdf or jpg files ?
is there a speaker on the hand set ?
what size sheets can be scanned ?
i would like to order.. but i need to know if the items are high yield ? nothing is listed in the description ? but it shows high yield on the box ?
can you copy form glass ?
this drawer comes with cable for printer ? if yes what kinda cable ?
how is the sound quality on the handset and the base . is it loud and clear .
does it handle staples
ok ... . now i am confused ! so you need a usb cord with it ? is that for set up ? is this printer a wireless printer or not ?
how portable is this machine ?
does this scanner scan to pdf format ?
does the pixma i8720 handle card stock well ?
i usually have filled by hand . in order to print does n't my computer need a template to use to fill in ?
does the stamped image look like you signed with a felt tip pen ( ie : a little thicker ) or is it a fine line like a ballpoint pen ?
how long is the cord ?
how often do you have to change cartridges ?
when you scan a document with multiple pages , does it result in a single pdf document or multiple individual pages .
