expiration date ?
do you have the ti-89 manual that was printed in 1998 and has 557 pages in new condition ?
is this genuine epson ink ?
where can i buy parts for this overhead projector ?
does it do trig
do the laser jet 5000n work well with transfer paper ?
can these be ran through laser printers , or are they strictly for ink jet printers ?
is this label preforated
will this work with windows xp
where can i buy a user manual for the panasonic kx-fhd331 plain paper fax ?
how many rings are there ?
is this pretty sturdy ?
can this be used with a laser printer ?
how do i find protective sheets for 2 '' x 2 '' photo slides ?
are they 11 pt manila ?
so what is the total number of tabs i will receive ? is it 25 ? or is it 25 ( as listed 25 per pack ) x 25 ( as stated in title pack of 25 ) = 625 ?
does it come with the 2013 sticker ?
we currently have a okidata 320 turbo tractor feed printer . this says it is the newer one . does it print faster and is it compatiable ?
is it possible to place a new sheet of paper over an existing sheet or must you remove the existing sheet first ?
what is the height ?
will this phone function without a power supply ( that is , just plugged into the phone jack ) or do some functions require ac power source ?
what is ncr thermal receipt paper ? does it give a double receipt ?
does it come with keys ?
are there non-black liners that work with this cart . if so , how do i order them ?
hey ! i want to buy this calculator but i wan na know the color of it . can someone please help me ?
does the cord only come on the left side ?
can this be applied to a large mirror ?
is this a better choice than the texas instruments baii plus ?
can this scan legal size paper ?
converter vs cartridge ? what is a converter vs cartridge ? do i just refill w a needle from an ink bottle ?
how many pages has it run ?
this toner is cheaper than its newer version in black box . is there any difference in quality ? will this one work just as well ?
what kind of a plug in does it require the one i have did not come with one
are these actual folders or just dividers ?
what is the absolute widest dimension of that plastic frame , is it truly 12 1 2 ?
is this printer compatable with apple mavericks operating system .
does this work with most mac pc systems in 2014 ?
does it have the manual ?
would this system be able to prompt callers with a menu , and some of those menu options direct to a prerecorded message and others to the phones ?
can this be used with a laptop ?
will this model print bar code labels if using a program on your computer ?
would these be suitable for walking on barefoot and would they hold up to being in an under water application ?
i am putting new golf grips on my golf clubs and have been told that rubber cement holds great and cleans up easily . is this true ?
does this printer work with a laptop and if so what port cords does it use
does this pack come with the pattern book ?
what is the differance between the kx-tg4500 and the kx-tg4500b ?
do all hp 12c calculators have cash flow analysis ?
what is the total height of this ?
my bars are just hollow and the screws have nothing to screw into ... am i missing something ?
can you hand write mailing addresses on the envelop itself ?
where is this made ?
do the wheels lock ?
does anyone know if there is compatibility with hp41c programs ?
question about use ? i am going to be studying abroad in spain next year and would like a cheap and affordable way to speak to my friends and family back home . a skype phone sounds like a great option so that i can sit in a cafe or other hotspot and chat away . however , i have recently read that many of these phones do not work on public wireless networks such those found in a cafe because of something called `` browser authentification ? '' does anyone know if this one will have the option to talk in public wifi zones ? i do not know much about this ... . but do you think this would be a good option for me ?
will this work to glue together a broken resin statue
is the area where items go 9x12 ? meaning , is the flap add extra length ?
what are the inside dimensions of the bags for flat documents ?
can you scan slides
never used one of these laminating machines before . if i have a larger pouch , do i trim it prior to laminating ? after laminating ? or not at all ?
does this have wireless networking ?
it says `` 2 count '' , does that mean two as in front and back , or does it come as a set of two as in , two whole sets are in a package for two drawers ?
how many are in a box ?
does it come with a manual explaining how to program it ?
what does the ring sound like ?
does this read out to the hundredths of a pound , or just tenths of a pound ?
my dymo discpainter is periodically dragging and smearing the ink on the disc . is it fixable or should i try and find another one ?
when i used the ink cartridges the printer keeps reading empty , so i tried another one and the same result .
is the height adjustable ?
how do set this up ?
scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that came with the printer , but where is says `` safe to file '' they do n't have pdf option for some reasons . according to manual , it should be there , but it 's not.. does anyone have the same problem ? what is your experience with scanning to pdf with this machine ? scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that ... » read more scan to pdf ? i just bought this printer yesterday and was having some problems with scanning to pdf . i contacted hp support twice , but they were not able to help me.. i am using the software that came with the printer , but where is says `` safe to file '' they do n't have pdf option for some reasons . according to manual , it should be there , but it 's not.. does anyone have the same problem ? what is your experience with scanning to pdf with this machine ? « show less
how many keys come with this ?
how can you place calls ?
are the keys hard plastic or more of a rubbery type key ?
mx700 compatible
using adf to scan photos i 'm looking for a solution to scan all my pre-digital era photos . has anyone used the adf functionality to scan stacks of photos ?
does it have a bell for a ringer in it , or an electronic tweeter ?
can the ql-570 label printer do fba labels for amazon ?
can i order additional plates , or just one per embosser ?
is this an actual board or is it just a dry erase paper ?
does it include the power supply ?
can this time clock attach to a wall or is it only table top ?
is this device supported on windows 7 , or 8.1 ?
does it come with charger and batteries ?
does this work with the kx-tg931t ?
are they perforated ?
the picture shows the laptop resting or hooked to something putting it at an angle . does this come with the stand ?
how many sets of leads do you get with the pencil ?
is this a shaky pencil ( when you shake it does the lead come out ) ?
i have two 20 '' monitors i 'd like to use this with . approx . how much room will i have from the top of the desk to the bottom of the monitors ?
want to know the sizethe size of the book ?
i need 1099 for tax year 2014 - are these for 2014 ?
how far apart are the two legs ? how much room do i have to set something between them ?
how many keys come with the box . if only one , can we order several more.. ?
how accurate are the diamentions ?
is this correct for making cards
is the side table large enough to hold a book or notes or is only large enough for a mouse ?
how many folders do you get ?
does this chalkboard have a chalk holder ?
this is made in china or usa ?
can this cart roll under a bed ? i can allow for max of 5 6 inches . what is height with wheels ?
is it one pair or just one bookend ?
i this this for school to ?
can you charge an ipad on the usb ? can you use a small hard drive on the powered usb ?
does it have an automatic document feeder ?
can you string these on breyer traditionals ?
is there a way to remove this product from the back of tile that had been in my bathroom ?
i assume the arms are made of aluminum w plastic hinges.. but is the center post steel ? also , how is the post attached to the base ? welded ?
how many tilt-positions are there ? in addition , is the surface smooth enough to write on ?
can this ink make the ink cartridge dry inhibiting the potential for the ink to bleed out ?
does it come with a belt clip ?
do the casters lock ?
after i replaced the black yellow , the cyran magellan said there was a problem . whoy
how long will it last ? does this have a fine point ? what type of refill does it take ( spr4f or 64003 ) ?
can you please let me know the expiration date of the 940 ( c4901a ) printhead for $ 56.99 ?
can you scan multiple pages to one pdf file ?
i staple all day 2 sheets of paper per staple . will this stapler handle it ?
hello . i have seen this described as a `` drawing crayon '' . does this actually have a crayon texture ?
compatible with windows vista ? is the 6500 compatible with windows vista ? help !
speed dial does anyone know how to use speed dial on this ? the manual says nothing..
where is the ul number on my sentrysafe ?
is this an all metal stand ?
can i print multiple sheets of stamps ?
after the first cartridge , no others work . have tried cleaningthe nib with water , butto no avail . open the body and the interior is filled with ink . any help ?
is there a name on the back of these labels
does it work with mac os ... does it work with iphone 5s ?
can i transfer calls between multiple base units ?
has anyone used this for automotive airbrush art ?
what is the range of the hand set from base ?
how do you get these working ? i mean , if i get a t22p and a t20p can i just connect one to the other and they work ? or do i need anything else ?
printing 4x6 's my last hp psc would print 4x6 's only from the memory card . does anyone know if this hp photosmart all-in-one wireless prints them from other places such as picture programs ?
i have tried everythig , wet rag , wet wipes , mr. clean eraser , & many other cleaners , but can not get it off . please help ?
are these for the 2014 tax year ? and can i use them with a regular laser printer ?
can this cutter handle full-bleed cutting ?
is this guarrenteed to work ?
is this for 2014 ?
which printer do you recommend to give the best results with your blank pvc cards and trays ?
can someone let me know how tall the middle shelf is . i am thinking about using it without the top shelf , depending on how tall that middle shelf is .
does the phone have speed dial capability ? does the phone have speed dial capability ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
storage pocket
does this phone have a glossy finish ?
can this system connect to a cell phone ?
will these fit in the zenith 548 stapler ?
how long does it take to scan a 4x6 color picture ?
will this laptop stand hold a 17 in computer
i have a ton of magazine pages i 'd like to scan -- will this handle those without crunching them up ?
are instructions included to upload the duplicated radiographs into dentrix ? are the duplications able to be displayed as a full mouth xray set ?
how much length is needed on the back of the desk to install this mount ?
is this product mac ios compatible
does it print in color ?
is this item clear plastic front and back ?
can the tray slide completely under the desk ?
what colors are the 7 inks ?
what is the overall height ?
what is the size of the stamp impression ?
what is the quality of the scanning feature ?
told me great fax machine i plugged it in and comes up with printer error b200 dont know what i have to do any help ?
is this a high back chair ? is the back high enough to rest my head neck on it ? or does the back cut you in the middle of your spine ?
what are the dimensions ? will it fit in a shirt pocket like the orginal 506 model ?
will i have space for a mouse with a 15 inch laptop ?
once i have entered phone numbers in the master handset , how can i `` transfer '' or `` sync '' that phone number list to the other handsets ?
where is the menu button on 1104 model
what is the power source battery or electricity
what is the size of the base of the stand ? specifically want to know how much space from front to back the base of this requires ?
is it compatible with windows 8.1 ?
can you `` unstaple '' the pages without tearing the paper ?
i have an asus vx238h gaming monitor , will this work ? i lost the base
does this compatible with brother mfc-7360n ?
does the phone allow for voip ?
how many slide trays come with it ?
does it accept memory cards , like those from a camera ?
would this be safe for a heavy plant on a 39 inch stand ?
looking for ink for my printer it 's a hp deskjet 2050 it uses 61xl what 's a good ink to buy on here
how deep is the clamp ?
does this doxie go include the worldwide power adapter ?
does the planner also have a monthly travel expense record ?
looking for white magnet to cover my husbands company name on his work car . will only be used while parked , would this item work ?
would the loops fit pigma micron pens ?
will this work with bulkhead or emergency exit seat ?
how high are the handles ?
is it wireless
can it be wall mounted ?
what is the width of the wider door ?
will this printer allow me to print with the latest ipad with retina display ?
my kodak hero 5.1 is junk not fit for purpose . gets through ink at a ridiculous rate hows yours ?
can they print a colored logo . ours is red and black . if not , has anyone used the watermark logo ?
does this phone come with a power supply ?
what is the expiration date on these ?
what shade of green is it in person ?
two-sided printing with imac ? i 'm shopping around for a printer for my new office , and i use an imac . i see under the numbered fine print section that some functions and applications , like double-sided printing , does not work with mac os x ( # 8 ) . which , of course , i 'm running . i 'm very interested in this printer , but i definitely want one that allows me to print double-sided . does anyone know if this language means that it will not print double sided pages with a mac , or if this was more of a suggestive than declarative statement ?
does this printer work with a mac mini os 10.8.2 ?
how many toners included in this items ?
can the 10 ink work in the c315 printer ? ( normally it takes 30 series ink ) ?
does it not come with any toner cartage to operate it ? do i must purchase the bundle ( frequently bought together ) to operate it ?
how well does it pull receipts in straight ?
i need to print small pics it wont do smaller than 3x5 why ?
can the scanner save to jpg format ?
do these cut well with the silhouette cameo ?
does this printer duplex ?
how many ml of ink in each cartridge ?
do the cordless telephones need to be pluged into a jack or just the main wired phone ?
what are the dimensions ?
if i put in a bunch of store gas supermarket receipts at a very slight angle , will that cause any problems ( such as ocr not working ) ? do i have to make sure that the paperwork i put in is exactly level ? new question : what happens if i put the receipts in on their side ? if i put in a bunch of store gas supermarket receipts at a very slight angle , will that cause any problems ( such as ocr not working ) ? do i have to make sure that the paperwork i put in ... » read more if i put in a bunch of store gas supermarket receipts at a very slight angle , will that cause any problems ( such as ocr not working ) ? do i have to make sure that the paperwork i put in is exactly level ? new question : what happens if i put the receipts in on their side ? « show less
i have 2.25 thermal paper . it is double , white & yellow copies . will my new xe-a407 use this type of paper ?
is the ink sublmation ink or pigment ink
good morning , is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint ?
how tall is this item ?
given that you can put the rollers right into the sorter , does it automatically count out the right number of coins for each roll ?
my computer is wireless . can i use this printer to print ?
are these compatible with the samsung galaxy note 3 ?
what is the color of the lid ?
how many pencils does this fit ?
original brother toner ?
the description says silver or titanium but the picture is black -- what color is it ?
does the sheets have red and blue columns ? two columns on left , one big one in middle and two on right ( one blue and one red ) ?
does it feed stapled pages fine ?
what are the actual dimensions ? i see 2.75 x 2.5 x 9.25 , it 's smallish ?
what metal is this product made from ? aluminum ? steel ? tin ?
can you add additional handsets ?
are these stickers safe to put on wood ?
i wanted to know if i would be able to fit an external keyboard between the legs of the stand ?
how many does it come with ?
does this only print 4x6 photo 's ?
is this machine compatable with 220 volt supply ?
if one ink cartridge is empty ( like cyan ) are you required to replace it before you can print b w ?
does this include or work with scanning software ? or does it just save each scan on a jpeg and you have to transfer convert files manually ?
what are the smallest and largest diameter circles ?
is it compatible with mac
i am low on black ink -- all the color cartridges are almost 100 % full . question : can i just replace the black cartridge -- instead of all of them ?
will this work with mfc j650dw ?
does the unit have wifi capability ?
what are the dimensions ? none of these tell you in { inches & feet ) how large or small they are ?
does this scanner come with a usb cable to transfer pictures to a computer ? are these jpeg files ?
what is audio assist
does the binder come with paper in it ?
when the ink runs out , can i refill the resevoir ? do i replace that one ? do i have to buy the whole system again ?
is this the correct cartridge for a photosmart 6525 ?
is it still in the box ?
1. can you duplex on to card stock without massive jams ?
are 2 black cartridges required at all times ? why ?
what is the height when fully extended ?
what sizes of paper will it take ?
exactly how many ink cartridges does it use ? 1,2 , or 3 ?
does this come with a cover and what the color of the coverï¼Ÿ
what are the dimensions ?
what 's the end date on these ?
how `` one touch '' is one touch ?
do these sets all come with awall mounting bracket ?
is the epson 11000xl-ga scanner compatible with mac os 10.9.5 ?
what size is this in inches ?
4x5.5 is including or excluding the adhesive strip ? how wide is the adhesive strip ?
could this be used as a keyboard stand ?
will they write on a black background ?
i 'd also like to know what the weight limit is ... could you please tell us ?
is .3 oz the weight of one or of the set ?
will this ink work with a canon mg5400 series ?
is this the calendar year 2014 refill ? that is what i need to order at this time .
does it lay flat when opened ?
is this a 2014 calendar ?
i bought this and i do n't know how to use the anchors that came with it . any instructions on how other owners installed the board on the wall ?
does it work wirelessly
can you lift up the top of the printer to reveal a flatbed so that it can copy a page from a book ?
what sixe water bottle works best with these labels ?
the oem canon 128 cartridge replaces the toner , drum , and development in a single cartridge . do these replace the drum and development also ?
can you charge the tablet from the keyboard ?
can you use other store bought 1 2 '' ribbons to use withis printer ? or you have to supply from your ribbobs inventory ?
lc103 vs lc101
would day runner 2014 poetica weekly and monthly planner refill , 3.75 x 6.75 inches fit this planner ?
can the trays be loaded with 8 1 2 x 11 and 11 x 17 paper respectively ?
do any of the 3 auxiliary handset stands charge the phone , i.e. , are they connected to electrical power , or are they just holders ?
has anyone tried charging this from a usb adapted plug to ac outlet ? what did you use ?
can you confirm this order includes 4 x black cartridges , 4x cyan , 4x yellow and 4x magenta ? or does the 4-pack only include 1 cartridge of each ?
must you purchase ink from epson or can you use generic ink with this printer ?
i bought this cash drawer to work with a square reader stand . is there a cable made to plug interface cable to usb port ?
how is the sound quality on the handset and the base . is it loud and clear .
i know there are shredders that do not require oil , does this one require oil ?
does the printer come with any ink ? if no what type of ink will i need to purchase for the printer ?
can you scan sheet music ? is there alignment problems ?
is this scanner twain compliant ?
does the printer software support 12x12 paper size ?
does this item provide a duplicate copy ?
many stamps leave more than just the signature behind . does this stamp leave small remnants of a black inked border around the signature itself ?
does the second holder charge the phone ?
what 's big difference this 8620 vs previous model 8600 plus ?
does it print envelopes well ?
