what is the expiration for cartridge
does the product need additional stuff to work such as power cord , cord to computer ?
is this genuine epson ink ?
does it work only with transparencies or also with normal book pages ?
is it easy to use ?
how to specify i need 11x17 tray feed . monochrome only , new toner cartridge ?
are these archival safe for scrapbooking ?
are the labels glossy or matte ?
will this work with windows xp
what grade paper do you have to use ?
how many rings are there ?
would this work good for 3 inch 3 ring binders ?
do these cards have the perforated edges that are the easy tear apart kind of thing or do they need to be cut ?
are these suitable for photographs ?
how many sets in a box ?
does this include the papers that fit inside for labeling ?
how many pages will it hold ?
usb connectivity ?
after the mounting hardware , is it exactly 48 '' or wider ?
is this effective on carpet ?
can this phone be used in europe , i want to send it to spain ?
does it have `` end of roll '' markings on the paper to warn you when the roll is almost out of paper ?
does it come with keys ?
how are the wheels ? i had the plastic wheels of a cart split while going over a curb . will these wheels withstand curbs , steps , without breaking ?
is there a backspace key ?
is the handset have volume control ?
is this archival ?
does the hp 10bii+ financial calculator come with a user 's guide ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
does this pen come with ink catridge for first time use ? should i buy the ink refills when buying the pen ?
does this printer have the optional network port ?
will this fit my hp laser jet 1320
what kind of a plug in does it require the one i have did not come with one
dumb question : does the 4 x 6 measurement include the tabs ? i.e. , would the tab portion be higher than a 4x6 photo or index card ?
what is the minimum depth .
what does the seller mean by the statement `` printer power and ethernet only '' ? is it or is it not a complete printer ? does this refer to the cords ?
does this work with most mac pc systems in 2014 ?
does it have the manual ?
can a telephone on this system be programmed to dial only specific phone numbers ?
does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't work . does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't ... » read more does the scanner software work on macs ? just am interested to know if the software functions for both osx and windows ? i have a mac here and do n't want to purchase if the software does n't work . « show less
will this model print bar code labels if using a program on your computer ?
do they have straight edge or beveled edge ? what is waite time for mats says 1 left ?
is this glue the same as coupons sent in the mail , which the glue can be removed by simply rolling it off ?
what ink cartridge and model number does this printer need ?
where are these pattern blocks made ?
how to change the settings on the cordless handset
the model displayed here is it the hp cpae ? and , does it have the same great manual as the 12c ?
i want to use it as storage not for hanging files ... does the top section have a base ?
installation
would this be a good size to mail dvds in cases ? how long to received in ny ?
will this sharpen crayola large crayons ?
how far does the desk tilt ? will it tilt any farther down ? is it a comfortable tilt say if i had a book on it reading and sitting in my recliner
hoy does the hp50g ranking as a financial calculator ?
question about use ? i am going to be studying abroad in spain next year and would like a cheap and affordable way to speak to my friends and family back home . a skype phone sounds like a great option so that i can sit in a cafe or other hotspot and chat away . however , i have recently read that many of these phones do not work on public wireless networks such those found in a cafe because of something called `` browser authentification ? '' does anyone know if this one will have the option to talk in public wifi zones ? i do not know much about this ... . but do you think this would be a good option for me ?
can this be used to repair a crack in a fiberglass shower stall floor ?
what is the thickness of your mailers ?
do these have the bubbles in them ?
can you scan slides
do these have an adhesive on the back that allows the pouch to be stuck to flat surfaces ?
can you use other labels to print on other than brother ?
my drawer is 17 x 20 x 10 tall . do you think this will work ?
are they easily removable ?
does it come with a manual explaining how to program it ?
does the brass peel off ?
where is the scale made ?
dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a teacher 's salary . help ... please ? discpainter cd dvd printer dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a ... » read more dymo discpainter . how can it be great and horrible at the same time ? i need good quality but ca n't afford much on a teacher 's salary . help ... please ?
do these cartridges come with ink ?
does it lock in the open position ?
can this be hung on the wall ? that is , stick to the wall without the magnet ?
does this have wireless by chance ? or can i install wireless ability some how ?
does the coin tray removable ?
hi is there any other way to charge this item car lighter not working ?
can the casio sl-300sv store and retain two numerical constants , e.g. , 0.2628 and .36 , for repeated use ?
wil this ink work for a canon pixma pro 9000 model ?
anyone having problems with the fax picking up voice calls ? my wife is reporting that the fax is picking up voice calls . our setup is our primary phone is plugged into the back of the printer , which is plugged into our vonage adapter . then again , the canon documentation for this printer is below average.the primary phone is the base for all other phones in the house . i may try running a separate lead to the phone base by using a splitter , but i would n't think that should matter.any advice ? is it the voip vonage line that is throwing this off ?
can you hear the keypad tones when you are dialing ?
can i use thi printer for jewelry tags and do you sell the tags ?
can i order additional plates , or just one per embosser ?
can this be stuck to the wall without causing any damage to the wall itself ?
does this phone have cisco or polycom software ?
will it work with tops form 1252 ?
would this device replace a normal scanner at say a cash register using a normal pos software and a windows 7 or xp operating connecting it by usb ?
does the hand set come with base charger ?
does the headset come with the small charger stand ?
are these customizable to whatever you want to make using these cards ? or do they already have the `` place postage here '' spot ?
what is the inside dimension of the product ?
what mm is the lead size ?
is this a shaky pencil ( when you shake it does the lead come out ) ?
do i need a lip on my desk for this stand to work , i have a corner desk and the lip is not where i want to put my monitors , i have the wire holes
what is the size
how many people ( not forms ) does a package of 24 cover ? i know there are copies b , c etc so i do n't know if 24 forms is just for 8 people ?
can you use this one for the bed desk ?
i was suprised to find that the `` slot '' opening was on the 12 '' side and not the 10 '' side , different than it appears in the photo . is this standard ?
how deep is the cart ?
how thick is each sheet of xerox 3r11458 digital color elite gloss cover stock , 80 lb , 8 1 2 x 11
placed at bed side how many inches would the table be over the bed ?
how many folders do you get ?
is this board magnetic as well ?
it is 110v ? or work overseas ?
can this cart be used as an over-bed laptop table ?
what is the non-skid material is it foam or cork ?
what is this made of ? plastic or paper ?
will a 13 '' macbook air slide under the stand ?
is it compatible with mac os 10.8 and newer
can you string these on breyer traditionals ?
can you eat out of a bowl glued with this product ?
what is the distance between the inner edge of the round screw and the black clamp ?
suitable for a patient without much use of hands ?
does this ink work with a hp officejet 5610 ?
is there a maximum number of handsets that can be paired with the base ?
what color is this printer stand ?
is this printhead an oem by hp or is it a copy that 's compatible ?
could anyone tell me the weight of this pen ?
is this a genuine hp printhead replacement product
why i can not use it on my mac computer , i got the software disk about the scanner , but i ca n't install it , please help me .
i staple all day 2 sheets of paper per staple . will this stapler handle it ?
how do you switch between leads to change colors ?
which one did you get from amazon ? which one did you get from amazon ? « show less
`` i have had this phone for quite a while and now all of a sudden caller 's voice sounds echoed and like chipmunk voices . do you know why ? ''
can you fit 8x11 '' documents in this safe without having to fold them ? what are the interior dimensions ?
what is the height of this table ?
i am confused about how this works.. how do you pay for the actual value of the stamp ?
after the first cartridge , no others work . have tried cleaningthe nib with water , butto no avail . open the body and the interior is filled with ink . any help ?
is there a logo on the back of the label ?
does it work with mac os ... does it work with iphone 5s ?
is there a headset jack on base unit ?
how can use ?
how is the sound quality volume when using the speaker on the base unit ?
can i add handsets to this system ?
any software issues do anyone know if there are there any software issues with this printer ?
use on fabric ?
is the the 2013 version of the 1096 form still ?
can you cut different card sizes ? or just the standard 2 '' x 3-1 2 '' cards ?
so is that 6ea of every color ?
do these posters meet 2015 guidelines ?
i am trying to use this on a epson artisan 50 and it keeps on printing on the cards like its a cd dvd instead in a card format ! how to change this ?
is it possible to set it up with only two shelves ?
do the handsets ( all 3 ) have the jacks for headsets ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
is it lined paper or graph paper ?
is this phone approximately the same weight as the standard western electric 2500 set ?
will this phone be a good choice for an 8-people conference table ?
are these made in america ?
is the epson v 370 software compatible with win7 , 64 bit ?
would this stand work just as well if you were using it on your lap instead of a desktop ?
i am buying it mostly for my business receipts , . do i need to scan or can i feed small items like cash register receipts ?
where can i find the windows 7 driver ?
what is the height range - can the bottom of the monitor lower to 3 inches from the desk , and elevate to 15 inches from the desk for sit to stand ?
mac compatible ?
does it print in color ?
how many in the pack ?
just wondering how far out infront of the desk can the keyboard tray extend ?
please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , or are assorted , but what it does n't tell you is that you have no chance of getting the colors as pictured . please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , ... » read more please remove the photo showing varying shades of blue , purple and green . these pens are not available in those colors according to the pilot website . yes , the listing says that colors may vary , or are assorted , but what it does n't tell you is that you have no chance of getting the colors as pictured . « show less
is this stand sturdy enough to hold a small home printer ?
how do you customize your stamp ? when i click to add it to cart and check out i never get asked what initials , address , or color i want ?
how can you scan several pages to be in one attachment ?
what is the size of the flatbed scanner ? will it accommodate legal size paper ?
what is the most difficult part of putting this chair together ? can one person do it ?
what are the dimensions ? will it fit in a shirt pocket like the orginal 506 model ?
does this product come with a usb cable ?
do i have to set up a phonebook on each phone ?
can i replace short handset cord easily with a longer one by just pluging into handset ?
i have a mac and want to set the slides to music . has anyone actually connected it to a mac rather than using an sd card ?
would this fit a 17 inch hp laptop without it falling or sliding ?
any one have trouble getting their pc and scanner to communicate ?
where can i get an instruction manual for this product ?
can this stand tilt so that the monitor is 90 degrees for a person who is lying flat ?
the cartridge goes in crooked when seating ? its obviosly smaller and i dont want to jam it in there suggestions would be nice ?
does the phone allow for voip ?
how does one delete a scan in vuescan ? specifically from the `` preview scan window area ?
good evening , this printer makes copies and has scanner ?
what is the vertical thickness of this turntable ?
220v ?
how many inches forward from the mounting pole could this arm hold two 24 '' monitors ?
will all of my existing pdf documents ( scanned with a different scanner ) import into the doxie software with all of the ocr features ?
what material is the cover made out of ? is it sturdy so it wo n't fall apart ?
is it dry erase friendly
would it hold sharpie pens ?
where would you hang this footrest from ?
what is the size of this item ?
does it work with windows 8 ?
do the numbers light up ?
do you make any of these 24 '' deep ?
where can i find a trouble-shooting guide ?
how do i set it up for a wireless connection ?
new to comp-checks . they say print logo free , i thought theses are just blank and quickbooks prints everything ?
does this phone have speakerphone ?
$ 25.99 & free shipping for 1 set ( 8 pieces ) of the epson 159 inks ?
would it fold flat enough to fit into a backpack ?
is therre a way to print even when a non-black cartridge is empty ?
how does this printing handles envelope printing ?
will this work in my canon imageclass mf8580cdw ?
how can i get to use more then half the ink before it shut done replacing ink cartrige less then 100 pages
size of glass
length of warrantee
can anyone tell me if this printer is compatible with windows 8 ? i have found that there are alot of printers that are not . : - (
can the scanner save to jpg format ?
are they waterproof ?
does it scan ?
i see a clear vinyl cover tightly sealed onto the ink hole of this cartridge . should i take it off before install it or use it as it is ?
do the cordless telephones need to be pluged into a jack or just the main wired phone ?
what are the dimensions of the top right shelf , will it hold a printer ?
is the canon p-215 compatible with windows 7 & windows 8 ?
will this do that ? or is the data erased after printing ?
is the ink sublmation ink or pigment ink
good morning , is this printer is compatible with hp eprint and airprint ?
is this item on wheels ?
will this work with other currencies ? or just dollars ?
is printer compatible with windows 8.1 ?
are these compatible with the samsung galaxy note 3 ?
are these good for storage of other things too ?
how sturdy is this case ?
original brother toner ?
does this phone work if power is out ?
how many vertical lines per page ?
provide sizes please ?
what are the actual dimensions ? i see 2.75 x 2.5 x 9.25 , it 's smallish ?
is the is the entire base metal , including where the wheels insert ?
i lost the booklet to the phone . it keeps telling me registration failed what can i do or where can i call ?
are these stickers safe to put on wood ?
how large and heavy laptop can it support ? does it support 15.6 inches and 6 pounds laptop ? and what is the tilting angle limit with a laptop ?
is there supposed to be more than one sheet ?
does it have to be always that same paper or can i use other brands ?
will this laminator accept card stock ?
printer says load paper . paper is in printer
can wand be used with adapter plug ( not in docking station ) ? what happens when rechargable batteries get low and i do n't have docking station w me ?
is this the one ring that rules them all ?
i have a mac desk top . a reviewer stated that he could not scan to the mac with this machine . is this true ?
this is the 273-i double bk black cartridge ? or the single 273 pbk black cartridge ?
will this work with mfc j650dw ?
will it print on plain paper or does it require laser-quality paper ?
i 'm looking for a lap desk with a high angle which this one appears to have . is the padding on the back angled or more flat ?
can you scan stored slides onto a jump drive instead of a card ?
this phone looks as though it can be wall mounted , but i 'd like to make certain . and if it can , is the hardware included ?
can you purchase business card pages for this binder ?
how do you reset the cartriges ?
i have an officejet 620e . i 'm not familiar with the term new generation . will this cartridge work in my printer ?
is it still in the box ?
does it have a scanner ?
i want to get the ink value pack plus the additional black and gray cartridges , but the value pack does n't say xl and someone said that is what i need
can i use it as a writing platform over my desk at work to decrease tension on my neck ?
does this unit come with the stapler ?
does this include ink ?
does this come with a cover and what the color of the coverï¼Ÿ
one said this machine prints in black and white also ( not just color ) .another person says it does not . who is correct ?
from which date do these pages begin ?
how many slide holders are in the box ?
does caller id show up while on a call ?
can it scan negatives and slides ?
what size is this in inches ?
is the size big enough for a long necklace with big stones ?
how high can you elevate the laptop ?
can i buy replacement colors ?
will this fit an aeron chair ?
has anyone else tested these ?
what are the five colors required by canon pixma mg 5420 and are they the same five included in this pack ?
is this the calendar year 2014 refill ? that is what i need to order at this time .
does this calendar have a storage pocket ? if so , is it plastic or paper ?
is it quality paper or cheap and flimsy ?
is this a real wood frame or plastic ?
will this work with quickbooks checks and windows 7 ?
how is the quality printing on photo paper ?
is there any software template included ? if not , what is the best way to print ?
is this just the ink -- or do these also include a new drum ? thnx !
would this be compatible with the dell venue pro 8 in tablet ... .they are very similar in size .
i want to use this for bow making and also for labels for my hand made items in my etsy shop . is the ink and ribbon cartridge all one piece ?
what does `` high yield '' really mean ?
would this fit a refill size of 4.25 x 6.75 inches ?
does this printer allow me to print , for example , an invoice from the top tray then simultainously switch to the bottom tray to print a shipping label ?
does 2 extenders work
i see that some of these devices have the ability to do scanning on wifi and or usb ... does this have the same feature ?
i have a brother mfc-9340cdw- it says that it takes tn221 series yet description doesnt list my model number . will these work ?
says it auto prints two sided , but can you easily set it to print one sided ?
i have a square stand and ipad . do i need to get a printer in order for the cash drawer to automatically open ?
is there a pocket clip for the handset ?
how big is it ?
i followed the direction and tried several times , but why the yellow light was keeping blinking ? did i miss anything ?
when it scans the two pages of an open book , does the software convert that to two pdf pages , or are you stuck with one wide pdf page ?
is this scanner works on 220 volt 50hz ?
does this printer have a sd memory card slot ? i need to be able to print using a sd card ?
do you have to hand write onto these forms or is there a computer template that you can type into and then print the forms from the printer ?
we would be looking for 2 separate stamps . would you be able to separate ?
does it have a wall mount bracket ?
why wo n't this printer take 110 lb card stock if it is advertised it will ? does hp need to revise the paper grabbing wheels ?
would like to know if the hp8630 uses the color ink to print black ?
