why is this saying it will not work in my hp business inkjet 1200 ?
is this the titanium or the original version ?
are these cartridges in mylar packing ? do you have 30 of them ?
is it possible to enlargen & make objects designs with the projector ? i do crafts and the size is n't allways the same ?
if i had to replace the battery , what is the battery called ?
this printer will work with windows 7 ?
are they water proof ? does the ink run when wet ? would it make a good label on a water bottle or beer bottle ?
how many roles to a box
will this printer work with windows 8.1
what grade paper do you have to use ?
can you tell me if there is a space inside to hold a small calculator ?
i am looking at the image , and it looks like you might be able to remove some of the seperators . is that possible ?
whats the point size ?
could i use a dry erase maker on these ?
for 5 dividers set , how many sets are in the oxford manila tab dividers , blank , write on - 5 tab ( m1158 ) ( office product ) ?
are they 1 3 cut or 1 5 cut tabs ?
about the rings inside : i have a classic 7 ring leather binder . this holder has only 6 rings ? does that work for the 7 ring planners ?
i currently have a okidata 420 microline 9 pin printer , and need to replace it . is just the 420 microline the same ?
will it hold different thicknesses of papers , say typing paper and light card stock ?
should this be fixed with screws or is it adhesive ?
can i transfer incoming calls between units extensions ?
what is the outside diameter ?
dimentions ?
do front wheels pivot ?
did everyone get the yellow teachers version of the calculator ?
can you hook up a caller id to the crosley cr60- kettle phone ?
is this product `` paper thin '' ?
what are the physical dimensions of hp 10bll ?
how do i scan to pdf ?
where is the pen made ?
does this printer have the optional network port ?
i need one , can u tell be the `` use before '' date ?
i need a wireless printer . is this wireless ?
are these cards acid free ?
how many come in a box ?
how do you stop or cancel a print job ?
cursor control is a top concern for me . how well does it work for you ?
does it have the manual ?
how many extension can i get with this system ?
thermal paper does this product scan thermal paper receipts well ?
the amazon unit is listed as `` label manager 450 '' . on the dymo web site it is listed as `` label manager 450d '' . what is difference ?
i want to use this indoors . to be precise in the shower . does it smell ? can you walk barefoot on it ?
is there a glue brush attached to the lid , like in the `` olden days '' ?
is this item windows 7 compatible ?
are these blocks compatible with the learning resources pattern cards that are sold in another set ?
how long of a range does this phone have ?
does this product come with the carrying case ?
two questions ... what are the casters made of ? and do the hanging file folders move smoothly ?
is there room to add a label anywhere ?
just confirming 100 come in a case ?
will this sharpen the fat crayons and the triangular crayons ?
will it go low enough to fit under a 29 inch desk ?
hp 50g or ti89 i 'm an engineering student looking at buying one of these 2 calculators . i 've been using a ti83 , and one of my professors strongly recommended getting a ti 89 ( or similar ) for my more advanced classes . i 've got no problem learning rpn , but i 've only fiddled around with it a little on a basic scientific calculator . one of the things i love on my ti83 is that i can have the calculator retype for me a calculation i just used in case i need to change something , like adding parenthesis , or changing plus to minus so i do n't have to retype the entire quadratic formula , etc . i ca n't see how this would work in rpn . any thoughts ? hp 50g or ti89 i 'm an engineering student looking at buying one of these 2 calculators . i 've been using a ti83 , and one of my professors strongly recommended getting a ti 89 ( or similar ) ... » read more hp 50g or ti89 i 'm an engineering student looking at buying one of these 2 calculators . i 've been using a ti83 , and one of my professors strongly recommended getting a ti 89 ( or similar ) for my more advanced classes . i 've got no problem learning rpn , but i 've only fiddled around with it a little on a basic scientific calculator . one of the things i love on my ti83 is that i can have the calculator retype for me a calculation i just used in case i need to change something , like adding parenthesis , or changing plus to minus so i do n't have to retype the entire quadratic formula , etc . i ca n't see how this would work in rpn . any thoughts ? « show less
can you use two phones at once on the same skype account ? and , can you use a skype usb phone at the same time ?
how long does this take to dry ? i 've mixed it 50 50 and applied it . what now ?
are these bubble mailers ? padded ?
are these expandable ?
i have a pixma 810 and i 've used it to view slides i 'm told that it is not compatible with my newer hp computer with with windows 8.can anyone help ?
can i use an iron to seal these pouches ?
does this work with windows 8 ?
my drawer is 21.25 '' deep . can i just cut the upper rack to fit ?
do they stick to plastic bags ?
is it better than fx 4500 pa pv ?
are there cordless french phones
does this scale allow you to `` zero out '' with a bucket or other container and then weigh product pured into that container ?
i have a dymo and it does not work with windows 7 it needs 32 bits how do i get it working ?
will it work on a brother mfc-3360c model ?
does this have a wrist rest ?
does this board have a hook so that i may hang it up with command strips ?
will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it worked for you ? does anyone know why hp says that the two are not compatible ? ( besides profit maximization , presumably ! ) will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it ... » read more will the hp 56 cartridge work with the f4180 ? note : i 'm not asking `` is it optimal , '' i 'm asking : will the printer print with it ? will a 56 cartridge damage the printer ? has it worked for you ? does anyone know why hp says that the two are not compatible ? ( besides profit maximization , presumably ! ) « show less
what are the dimensions ?
how do i now when it is fully charged
is it plastic or stainless steel like the sl 300ve ?
are the cartrideges clear to see the amount of ink in them
two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is a dedicated fax line and not used for phones . two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is ... » read more two fax machines on one phone line ? does anyone know if i can send receive faxes on the mx700 if i hook it up to the same phone line that is used in another room for a different fax machine ? it is a dedicated fax line and not used for phones . « show less
i purchased it and plugged it in and it does n't work . cords are in securely . anyone have an idea ?
can i print a receipt using excel on this ql570 printer ?
could i put my company name and info instead of library of ?
can this be stuck to the wall without causing any damage to the wall itself ?
what specifically do i need to buy to power this ? can you suggest a specific one ? what else do i need to buy for it to work ? phone line ? ip address ?
what type of time cards are needed ?
must the object you are scanning be no farther away from the computer than the length of the usb cable ?
does this handset work with the kx-tga931s base unit ?
have a panahave a sonic kx-tga93it set and want to add . does this model also have an a plug-in cord as mine do ? mine do ?
will i be able to print a picture on one side ?
are the sorter & accessory tray attached , or can they be moved removed ?
what colors ( specific lead refill names ) are included with this set ?
how do you add more lead ?
can two arms be arranged between 90 degree and 180 degree angle ?
can you replace pages ?
are these forms compatible with quickbooks ?
how long do the base of the legs measure ? i ca n't tell from the photo whether they match the 12 inches of the shelf or ar somewhat shorter .
how wide is the slot ?
can this item be used to carry dumb bells from one room to another ; one 15 lb , two 10 lb , two 8 lb and two 5 lb weights ?
is this paper coated on two sides ?
does the top turn clockwise to either pull it straight in front of you under a couch or use it sideways if in a bed ?
how many are in a box ?
hi ! could this be used outdoors ?
how long is the electrical cord ?
do any of these , specifically the `` oklahoma , '' come with a chair ?
are there two ( 2 ) bookends , as shown in the picture , or only one ( 1 ) ?
the image shows a form in the first pocket . does the organizer come with the pre-printed forms or is that just an example of usage ?
what is the power supply ? is it only the american 110 or can go up to 220 or 240 as well ?
do you know if this will scan multiple photos at once ?
how long is the string ?
is this glue safe in a microwave ?
is the pole hollow ?
does this book holder work in bed ?
can i use premium inkjet ink refill for canon pixma mx860 printer cli-221 and pgi-220 cartridges ?
is the stand a charger or just a cradle
what is the height ?
is there a separate print head for each color ?
refills
what does alignment failed ?
this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . but in recent weeks , the v30 has been listed as `` available for pre-order '' all the time , and the item description says `` this item has not yet been released . '' or is it ? any idea what 's going on here ? this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . it 's degrading very slowly and i do n't scan docs ... » read more this item has not yet been released . huh ? i put this scanner on my wish list when my old epson 1240u started to lose one side of its sensor . but in recent weeks , the v30 has been listed as `` available for pre-order '' all the time , and the item description says `` this item has not yet been released . '' or is it ? any idea what 's going on here ? « show less
does it use regular staples ?
where is it made ?
hp 6500-is there a way to print in grayscale when color ink is low ? my kids printed colorful pictures and depleted the cyan ink , and now i ca n't seem to print a black and white document , even though i selected `` grayscale '' . with all my previous printers , i could still print in black and white with low color ink , since the color ink is not necessary for a b hp 6500-is there a way to print in grayscale when color ink is low ? my kids printed colorful pictures and depleted the cyan ink , and now i ca n't seem to print a black and white document , even ... » read more hp 6500-is there a way to print in grayscale when color ink is low ?
how do you access voicemail on this phone ?
can this safe be used with a cable to prevent it from walking away ?
i have a recliner and there is only about 2.5 inches of clearance under the bottom of it between it and the floor . would this fit underneath it ?
can i use these with stamps.com ? are they compatible with netstamps labels ?
i would like to purchase a spare ink converter . which waterman ink converter should i buy for this pen ?
what software template do you need to use these ? do they come with it ?
can you use it in the car ?
how do i initiate conference calls ? do i need both lines active to manage conference calls ?
this ink is for propalcote paper ?
does this tell you which line is calling in ?
do these have ethernet passthrough ? if so 10 100 or gigabit ?
does printer print in b & w when out of color ink ? i am interested in buying this printer , but need to know if it will still print when out of a color ink ? will it still print in b
will these work on a chalkboard decal .
what year are these forms ?
could you use this to just cut 2 '' strips ?
i have a c7280 . when i check the menus will the menus show a valid experation date for the cartidges ?
are both posters 12in x 18in ?
will this work with a epson r220 ?
can a 14 '' tall cpu tower fit on the bottom shelf ?
love panasonic and love regular batteries , but does anyone else have buttons that are hard to press ?
is this scanner able to be hooked up to two different pc users . that way you can scan from two different pcs ?
how many pages is there in the journal ?
where is this phone made ? u.s.a ? or china ?
it works with free pbx ?
will these staples fit swingline # 101 tacker staple gun ?
hi ... i have many 35mm b & w negatives given to me by my late uncle who was in iwo jima during wwii . will this scanner convert the negatives ?
how many inches from the front to the riser bar ?
is this compatible with quick books ?
can you copy a panorex xray with this machine ?
is it possible to just get one of the arms ?
does this export to quickbooks for payroll purposes ?
can it print envelopes ? can envelopes be fed individually ?
can you get 4 credit cards and some cash in it or is it just for one card ?
how wide is the tray ?
are the colors i will be receiving the ones pictures .
i 'm thinking of this for my new macmini setup . is the back of the top shelf open , and what is the inside height of the open space in that top shelf ?
how long does it last ?
where can one get an operating manual for this machine ?
how do i install this printer ?
what is the weight capacity ?
is this lcd screen as sharp and crisp as in a typical casio scientific calculator ?
are there models available for left-handed users ?
does it have a warranty ?
what color is the unit ?
will this work with 220 voltage outlets ?
does it easily fold away to fit into my backpack to use it at school ?
does anyone know if this will convert the larger ( 120 size ) or very old glass slides ?
how do i open the lime green harinacs staple free stapler ?
can this be mounted clamped upside-down ?
does the 2270 print in color ?
does this phone system have the capability of blocking certain numbers or area codes ?
how long does it take to scan a slide ?
can this printer hook up to a xl ? also does it take ink cartgrides of 61 ?
we have a 50 '' rear projection flat screen tv that we want to swivel . will this work ?
good evening , please tell me what number this printer cartridge ?
rotation from landscape to portrait once the monitors and stand are installed , can you rotate one or both of the monitors from landscape to portrait , and vise-versa ? or do you have to unscrew the monitor and place it in its place in order to do so ? rotation from landscape to portrait once the monitors and stand are installed , can you rotate one or both of the monitors from landscape to portrait , and vise-versa ? or do you have to unscrew the ... » read more rotation from landscape to portrait once the monitors and stand are installed , can you rotate one or both of the monitors from landscape to portrait , and vise-versa ? or do you have to unscrew the monitor and place it in its place in order to do so ? « show less
what are the major differences between the doxie go and doxie one scanners ?
what are the dimensions of the planner ?
is the magnet strong enough to hold beer bottle caps ?
how many pencils can it fit ?
i assume this does n't work in bulkhead seats ?
what are the dimensions of the cart ? ( how tall , what is the depth width ? )
does this printer work with mac os x yosemite ?
what size is this phone
do items stay on the door shelves as the doors are yanked open ?
is this a good printer
my kodak hero 5.1 is printing blank pages even after replacing the cartridges and the print head . what now ?
can i use these checks on an ink jet printer ?
can this phone be used with a regular landline ?
will these ink cartridges work on the epson r1900 ?
how would this work for holding a book to read sitting up in bed ?
how do i get my ink levels to show
is this printer also a copier ? i bought it and ca n't figure out how to do that ?
what is a valu pack
is this compatible with windows 8 ?
wil the printer work with windows 8 ?
does it doubleside scan
how l0ng does it work
can this do 2-sided scanning ?
if liquid gets on the label after putting on a bottle , will the ink run ?
what about pictures
it shows i ordered these on jan 2014. they worked perfectly in my brother 825dw . now there is a note saying they will not fit ? should i order ?
does this phone have talking caller i.d ?
what kind of wood is it made of , ,and the color ?
if i have a document larger then 20 pages is there a way to connect 2 scanned groups ?
will this do that ? or is the data erased after printing ?
i am confused as to how this process works.do i add to my empty epson cart or do i have to also buy a special cartridge ? wf 3520
is it a 110 or 240 volts printer ?
what is the thickness of the wood on the sides ? is it 3 4 inch ?
does this work for coins of other countries ?
does the scanner have a multi-page document handler ? an automatic feed for a multi page set of documents i want to scan all at once . or is this a one page at a time machine ?
are these compatible with samsung galaxy note 2 ?
is the file box built strong enough to stack multiple bins ( 3 to 4 ) without cracking the top on the bottom bin ?
will this hold 20 skinny markers ?
are these cartridges sealed in the original packaging ?
when using the speakerphone , does it cut in and out to the point that the person on the other end of the line notices ?
what size is it ?
what is the amperage ? how many amps ?
will letter sized file folders fit in the pockets ?
what is the dimensional weight of the package ?
does this phone have a headset jack for wired headsets ?
how many labels come for each room ? are they pre printed , or blank ?
do you think this would be sturdy enough to hold thick college text books ?
i have a 36 '' space to cover . if i order more than one board , will they fit together `` almost '' seamlessly ?
can you print from ipad and tablets ?
are there any pouches included with the laminator ?
does this printer work with cardstock ?
there are so many different scanner wands out there . i just want to carry one around w me to scan books & some photos . would you recommend this one ?
would this be suitable for painting circles on wood ?
does the printer come with a ink cartridge ?
how many pages can be printed with this ink cartridge ?
i assume this is improperly labeled ? on amazon this is listed as lc1053 , but the picture says lc105m . does this ever worry anyone else ?
does it come with 2 trays or just one as pictured ?
would it be crowded tight if a 13 ' macbook was on it ?
how long does it take to scan one slide at full resolution ?
if i buy two of these phones , can i put a call on hold and pick the call up in another room on the same line ?
does the binder have a small flap or pocket for a business card or note ?
will it work with firmware version wb15d3 38.38 on epson artisan 837 ?
my cartridge is not working with my printer : i keep receive an error message that i ca n't bypass . `` one or more cartridges are missing or damaged. ``
has anyone had success with a non-brother adapter ?
any guesstimate how long would a cartridge last when not used before it just dries out ?
120v only , or 120 240 ? can someone look at the back of their printer where the power cord plugs in to see if it is really dual voltage ? the specifications say 100-240v , 50 60hz. 120v only , or 120 240 ? can someone look at the back of their printer where the power cord plugs in to see if it is really dual voltage ? the specifications say 100-240v , 50 60hz. , but people here ... » read more 120v only , or 120 240 ? can someone look at the back of their printer where the power cord plugs in to see if it is really dual voltage ? the specifications say 100-240v , 50 60hz. « show less
i 'm looking for a narrator 's desktop reading stand which will hold two 8 x 11 sheets of paper side by side . will this work for a 275 page manuscript ?
does this printer have an option to track jobs for each client and or user ? also , it it wireless ?
does it use 8 x10 paper ? or smaller ?
does this device support english ?
can this printer print , copy , scan without a computer ?
is the size 6 3 4 by 4 1 4 ?
what windows operating systems does it work with ?
does this have bluetooth or a headphone jack ?
if i scan multiple pictures in one pass , does the included software delegate them into separate .jpg files ?
what year is the calendar planner for ?
wondering if the bag is long enough ?
is the lip wide enough to hold a hard-covered book ?
does anyone know ( for sure ) the point size of these pens ?
will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ? amazon link comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii oversize leather chair with adjustable headrest , black will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ? amazon link comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii oversize leather chair with ... » read more will this fit a comfort products 60-5800t commodore ii chair ?
does this protect from moisture ?
do the cartridges reset the level itself ? or will it still show that it needs to be refilled even after you 've refilled it ?
2014 ?
is this for the year 2014 ?
is it standable ?
what are the anchors for ? does it have a wire to hang on a hook ?
does it have an internal bluetooth which can communicate with mobile devices ?
does anybody have feedback on this ?
did they work well in cooler of ice ? or did you just set them out ?
is this cartridge compatible with a d530 d560 ? also , r these starter cartridges ?
has the magnetic field that has been reported causing problem removed from the unit and replace with non-magnetic ?
can you print regular labels using the appropriate label cartridges or does this machine only work with the ribbon cartridges ?
seller - title and picture shows 4 cartridges - description and some customers say its only the 3 color ones - which is it ?
anyone purchased a hole puncher for this planner ? if so which one and where ?
how high is the scan quality resolution ?
does it have speed dial ?
does this product require connecting to `` the cloud '' to use ?
how many pages are these good for ?
does this have a cd writer ?
does the insert come out and can you buy another if it does ? would like to have two shifts with pre counted drawer
can you connect a land line and 2 cell lines simultaneously ? if so , can can you talk simultaneously on any combination of two lines ?
how fast is the shredding speed ?
would a regular usb cord work with this printer ?
what is the maximum size you can have the book ? i lbros i want to scan very large . 23 in ?
does the fujitsu brand scan to pdf ?
has anyone tried printing this with different sized cardstock ? is it known if it can handle an 80 lb thickness ?
is this the new required cms 1500 hcfa form required by anthem blue cross ? filled out by hand ? can be faxed ? tips for filling out ? caught off guard
is the size of the stamp appropriate for endorsing checks ?
does this have speed dial ?
what is the dimensions of this printer
dimensions , weight
